(Does not affect Bosses).
(Does not apply to first turn beneficial effects)
A random chance of gaining Power, Fury Meter, ATK increase, or Accuracy increase. Small chance of gaining nothing.
Absorbs all Physical Damage and returns it at the end of each turn to all enemies.
Accuracy Up increases the chance of skill effects triggering by x%.
After an enemy gains an Extra Turn inflict Stop and Perfect Silence on them for x turns
After using this skill, your team will Drain HP from each enemy at the start of your turn until they die.
All allies heal for a portion of any damage that they deal.
All allies hit with Perfect Attacks.
All enemies take x% Increased Damage.
All enemies’ attacks will miss unless they are Perfect Attacks for 7 rounds or until they die.
Allies gain an extra turn if your team gets the first kill in a battle.
An Extra Turn will let a character attack again if they’ve already acted that turn.
An enemy wishes to be more popular. inflict x Marks on a random enemy for x turns.
An enemy wishes to have a simple life. Inflict Silence and Passive Disable on a random enemy for x turns.
An enemy wishes to meet their ancestors. Inflict Dark Ghost on a random enemy for x turns.
Any Heal Blocks on the target become permanent.
Any enemy that takes damage will damage a random ally equal to x% of the damage received and x% of the original target’s Max HP.
Applies 3 Furious Burns for x turns to all enemies and Heal self for x% Max HP when you kill an enemy.
Applies 3 Marks on targets.
Apply 1 Magic Burn for x turns to all enemies at the start of battle.
Apply Doom for x turns to any enemy with 6 or more burns at the start of your turn.
Apply Perfect Accuracy to self and allies for the Duration of battle.
Apply a [72DCA6]Soul Shackle to single target and Drain x% of their MAX HP as Additional True Damage, increasing by x% each turn at the start of your turn. While your [72DCA6]Soul Shackle is active, you cannot take more than x% of MAX HP as damage from any single attack. This effect does not apply to bosses and is removed when you or the target dies and whenever a new [72DCA6]Soul Shackle becomes active.
Apply a random Damage Invulnerability Shield to self and a random ally for the duration of battle.
Ascension increases ATK, MAGIC, DEF, and MR by x%.
At the beginning of battle and at the start of your turn, if any enemy has Fear, inflict x Grievous Burns on that enemy for x turns.
At the beginning of your turn, if Revenge is already present on an ally, transform it into Perfect Revenge for x turns.
At the start of battle and at the start of your turn, inflict Perfect Corruption, Perfect Crave or Perfect Stun for x turns on a random enemy.
At the start of battle apply a Perfect Heal shield for the duration of battle.
At the start of your turn, Cleanse yourself, heal all allies for every negative effect currently on you, and have a x% Chance to Cleanse negative effects from up to x allies.
Attacks Heal x% of your MAX HP for every Mark on the targets.
Attacks always land as Perfect Hits.
Attacks always land with a Perfect Hit.
Attacks do not wake targets inflicted with Sleep or Perfect Sleep.
Attacks have a x% Chance to Critically Strike.
Automatically regain a percentage of your MAX HP upon taking damage.
Become Ghosted upon death.
Bleed deals true damage over time with a chance to Heal Block each turn.
Bleed deals true damage over time with a chance to Heal Block every turn.
Bleeds the target for x turns.
Blind and Taunt the enemy if they are Silenced.
Blinding Burn deals magic damage over time with a chance to Blind the target every turn.
Block Stat Enhancing effects on the enemy, including Damage Charge and Critical Strike effects, but excluding Increased MAX HP effects.
Block incoming damage for allies below x% HP and take x% of your MAX HP as random damage for each hit blocked.
Blocks Beneficial Effects for x turns.
Blocks damage for allies below x% HP and takes random damage equal to x% of your MAX HP for each hit blocked.
Bloodlust heals your team based on the enemy’s MAX HP when you attack the enemy inflicted by the status.
Cannot be Stunned, Taunted, Slept, or Frozen (including by unblockable Freeze).
Cannot be Stunned.
Cannot fall below 1 HP while using this skill.
Charge increases the damage of the next attack by x%.
Charge increases the effectiveness of the next damage ability used by x%.
Cleanse Silver Effects from all allies.
Cleanse a random ally.
Cleanse all Stun, Freeze and Sleep effects, including Silver and Innate effects, from self at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Cleanse all allies from negative and silver effects whenever you take damage.
Cleanse all allies if any ally is inflicted with Permadeath or Stun.
Cleanse all allies, including Silver Effects and grant a Random Offensive Effect to any ally with the Dioscuri or Dog Star passive when you take damage.
Cleanse all allies.
Cleanse allies suffering from Permadeath.
Cleanse and Grant a Random Beneficial Effect to self or a random ally every turn.
Cleanse and Heal a random ally and grant a Heal Shield to the ally for x turns.
Cleanse and Heal a random ally to full HP for each enemy that is stunned.
Cleanse and Heal all allies.
Cleanse and Heal allies if Perfect Hit is active when you take an action.
Cleanse and Heal allies inflicted with Blind or Taunt effects.
Cleanse and Heal self.
Cleanse and grant Immortality to all allies upon death.
Cleanse and grant Perfect Heal Shield to all allies for x turns on death.
Cleanse and grant Perfect Immunity to all allies for x turns if the target has Increased Max HP or Perfect Health active.
Cleanse any ally inflicted with Silence.
Cleanse negative effects from all allies.
Cleanse negative effects, including Silver Effects from all allies.
Cleanse negative effects, including Silver Effects, from all allies.
Cleanse on all allies.
Cleanse self and a target ally.
Cleanse, Heal, and Grant Perfect Immunity to a random ally for each instance of Stun, Taunt, Freeze (including unblockable Freeze), Heal Block, Perfect Corruption, and Permadeath currently on you.
Clears negative effects, including Silver effects, from up to two random allies and heals all allies based on your MAX HP every round.
Cleave status deals true damage to the target’s allies whenever they take damage.
Consume All Negative Effects, including Silver effects, on self and a random ally and Heal all allies based on x% of your MAX HP for each effect consumed.
Consume All Negative Effects, including Silver effects, on self and the target and grant a Random Beneficial Effect to self and a random ally for x turns for each effect consumed.
Consume All Negative Effects, including Silver effects, on the target and deal Additional Physical or Magic Damage equal to x% of the target’s MAX HP to random enemies for each effect consumed.
Consume all burns on all enemies.
Consumes Burn effects on targets.
Consumes all Marks, dealing additional true damage for each Mark on the target.
Convert Dark Ghost to Ghost on all allies for x turns and Extend Duration of Beneficial Effects on all allies by x turn for each enemy already inflicted with Exhaust.
Convert all damage into random damage equal to x% of your MAX HP.
Convert all damage you take into True Damage.
Copy All Beneficial Effects from all allies to self.
Copy All Beneficial Effects on self to a random ally after every action.
Copy All Beneficial Effects, including Golden effects, from all other allies to self.
Copy All Negative Effects on the target to another random enemy.
Copy a Golden Effect from self to all other allies.
Crave reduces healing and causes enemies to take damage when they heal.
Creates a Reflect Shield for x turns.
Current and MAX HP reduces by x% every turn.
Curse all enemies that lack beneficial effects for x turns after each action.
Curse enemies for x turns at the start of battle.
Cursed enemies take increased damage from all damage types.
Cursed enemies take increased damage from all sources.
Cursed enemies take increased damage.
DEF Charge Increases the effectiveness of the next DEF Up status applied by x%.
Damage dealt based on the enemy’s Missing HP.
Damage dealt based on your and the target’s MISSING HP.
Damage dealt does not wake targets inflicted with Sleep or Perfect Sleep and increases based on your CURRENT HP.
Damage dealt does not wake targets inflicted with Sleep or Perfect Sleep.
Damage dealt has a x% Chance to Critically Strike on each hit.
Damage dealt increased based on your DEF and MR stats.
Damage dealt increased based on your DEF stat.
Damage dealt increased based on your DEF stats.
Damage dealt increased based on your MISSING HP and the target’s MAX HP.
Damage dealt increases based on off your DEF stat.
Damage dealt increases based on the MAX HP of you and your enemy.
Damage dealt increases based on the amount of healing received.
Damage dealt increases based on the enemy’s ATK and MAGIC.
Damage dealt increases based on the enemy’s MAX HP.
Damage dealt increases based on the enemy’s MISSING HP.
Damage dealt increases based on the enemy’s SPECIAL stat.
Damage dealt increases based on the enemy’s and your MAX HP
Damage dealt increases based on the enemy’s and your MAX HP.
Damage dealt increases based on the target’s MAGIC.
Damage dealt increases based on the target’s MAX HP.
Damage dealt increases based on the target’s MISSING HP.
Damage dealt increases based on the target’s Missing HP.
Damage dealt increases based on you DEF and SPECIAL stats.
Damage dealt increases based on your ATK and SPECIAL stats.
Damage dealt increases based on your DEF and MR stats.
Damage dealt increases based on your DEF and SPECIAL stats.
Damage dealt increases based on your DEF.
Damage dealt increases based on your MAX HP.
Damage dealt increases based on your MISSING HP.
Damage dealt increases based on your MR stat.
Damage dealt increases based on your MR.
Damage dealt increases based on your Missing HP.
Damage dealt increases based on your SPECIAL stat and the enemy’s ATK and MAGIC.
Damage dealt increases based on your SPECIAL stat.
Damage dealt increases based on your and the enemy’s MAX HP.
Damage dealt increases the higher target’s ATK stat is.
Damage dealt increases the higher the enemy’s ATK stat.
Damage dealt increases the higher the target’s ATK and SPECIAL stats.
Damage dealt increases the higher your DEF stat.
Damage dealt increases the lower your CURRENT HP.
Damage dealt increases the lower your MAX HP.
Damage dealt increases with MAX HP.
Damage dealt increases with the heal amount.
Damage dealt is based on the enemy’s MAX HP.
Damage dealt is based on your DEF and MAX HP.
Damage dealt is based on your MAX HP and Missing HP.
Damage dealt is based on your MAX HP.
Damage dealt scales based on their MISSING HP.
Damage has a chance to Critically Strike.
Damage increases based on DEF.
Damage increases based on MISSING HP.
Damage increases based on SPECIAL.
Damage increases based on enemy’s SPECIAL.
Damage increases based on the enemy’s MISSING HP
Damage increases based on the enemy’s MISSING HP.
Damage increases based on the target’s MISSING HP.
Damage increases based on your ATK and SPECIAL stats.
Damage increases based on your DEF and MAX HP.
Damage increases based on your MAGIC and SPECIAL stats.
Damage increases based on your MAX HP and DEF
Damage increases based on your MAX HP.
Damage increases the higher the enemy’s ATK.
Damage increases the higher the enemy’s MAX HP
Damage increases the higher the enemy’s MAX HP.
Damage increases the higher your SPECIAL stat.
Damage increases the lower the target’s CURRENT HP.
Damage increases the lower your HP becomes.
Damage increases with your MAX HP.
Damage scales based on your MAX HP.
Damage scales with ATK and SPECIAL.
Damage scales with SPECIAL stat.
Deal 1 hit of random damage to all enemies.
Deal 3 devastating hits of magic damage to all enemies that increases based on your SPECIAL stat.
Deal 3 heavy hits of magic damage to all enemies that increases based on your SPECIAL stat.
Deal Addition Physical Damage to each enemy based on their MAX HP if they are at x% HP or above.
Deal Additional Magic Damage if the target is stunned.
Deal Additional Magic Damage that can Critically Strike and inflict Perfect Blind, Seal, Silence and Bleed on the target for x turns if they have Reduced Max HP.
Deal Additional Magic Damage to each enemy that has 4 or more beneficial effects.
Deal Additional Magic Damage to targets that have Mark, Curse, or Permadeath.
Deal Additional Magic Damage to the target for each Physical Burn, Magic Burn and Flame effect on them.
Deal Additional Physical Damage based on the target’s MISSING HP if their HP is x% or below.
Deal Additional Physical Damage for each Burn effect on each enemy.
Deal Additional Physical Damage for each Burn effect on the target.
Deal Additional Physical Damage for every negative effect currently on you.
Deal Additional Physical Damage if the target is inflicted with Bleed.
Deal Additional Physical Damage to all enemies if Thorn Shield is active on self.
Deal Additional Physical and Magic Damage that can Critically Strike to all enemies based on your MISSING HP if at x% HP or below.
Deal Additional Physical and True Damage if your HP is x% or below.
Deal Additional Random Damage and Extend Negative Effect Duration by x for each Silver Effect removed.
Deal Additional Random Damage based on each target’s MAX HP for each instance of Shock, Stun, Perfect Corruption, and Fear currently on the target.
Deal Additional Random Damage equal to x% of the target’s MAX HP for each instance of Shock or Permadeath present on the target.
Deal Additional Random Damage for each Burn effect on the target.
Deal Additional Random Damage for each beneficial effect on enemies and allies.
Deal Additional Random Damage for each beneficial effect on the enemy.
Deal Additional Random Damage for each negative effect on the target.
Deal Additional Random Damage for every negative effect on the target.
Deal Additional Random Damage if the target has Increased Max HP or Perfect Health active.
Deal Additional Random Damage to all enemies based on your MAX HP for each Beneficial Effect, including Golden effects, on self.
Deal Additional Random Damage to all enemies for each Golden Effect on each ally.
Deal Additional Random Damage to all enemies for each beneficial effect on self.
Deal Additional Random Damage to each enemy based on your SPECIAL for each negative effect on them.
Deal Additional Random Damage to each enemy equal to x% of their MAX HP for each negative effect on them.
Deal Additional Random Damage to each enemy equal to x% of their MAX HP if they are currently frozen.
Deal Additional Random Damage to each enemy with a x% Chance to Freeze or Stun each enemy for x turns for every enemy that is currently frozen.
Deal Additional Random Damage to targets inflicted with Sleep or Perfect Sleep.
Deal Additional True Damage and Heal self for each enemy inflicted with Sleep.
Deal Additional True Damage based on your MISSING HP to the target.
Deal Additional True Damage equal to x% of the target’s MAX HP if their HP is x% or greater when attacked.
Deal Additional True Damage equal to x% of the target’s MAX HP if they were at full HP when attacked.
Deal Additional True Damage for each beneficial effect on the target.
Deal Additional True Damage for each negative effect on the enemy.
Deal Additional True Damage for every Golden Effect on the target.
Deal Additional True Damage for every burn effect on the enemy.
Deal Additional True Damage for every offensive beneficial effect on each enemy.
Deal Additional True Damage if Stop or Blind are already present on the target.
Deal Additional True Damage if the target is suffering from Bleed.
Deal Additional True Damage to a random enemy based on their MR stat if Sacrifice or Power Shield are active on self after every action.
Deal Additional True Damage to all enemies for each Golden Effect on each enemy and each Silver Effect on each ally.
Deal Additional True Damage to enemies inflicted with Perfect Corruption.
Deal Additional True Damage to targets for each Golden Buff currently on them.
Deal Additional True Damage to the target based on their MAX HP and MISSING HP.
Deal Additional True Damage to the target for each negative effect on them.
Deal Additional True Damage, that can Critically Strike, equal to x% of the target’s MAX HP if the True, Viper, or Fortune Talisman set is equipped to the target.
Deal Additional True and Magic damage that has a x% chance to Critically Strike for each enemy that is stunned.
Deal Additional True damage for every negative effect on the enemy after each action.
Deal additional Physical, Magic, and True damage that ignores damage immunity to each enemy if you kill any enemy.
Deal additional physical damage to each enemy based on your CURRENT HP if they suffer from MAX HP reduction effects.
Deal additional true damage to each enemy if they lack silver effects.
Deal additional x hits of true damage to each enemy if they lack silver effects.
Deal heavy physical damage to a single target that increases based on their missing HP.
Deal magic damage to a single target that increases based on their MR stat.
Deal magic damage to a single target that increases based on your MAX HP.
Deal magic damage to a single target.
Deal magic damage to all enemies that increases based on your MISSING HP.
Deal magic damage to all enemies that increases based on your SPECIAL stat.
Deal magic damage to all enemies.
Deal magic damage to each enemy that increases based on their MR stat.
Deal magic, physical and true damage to a single enemy that increases based on your SPECIAL stat.
Deal magic, physical and true damage to all enemies that increases based on your SPECIAL stat.
Deal one hit of Additional Physical and Magic Damage equal to x% of the target’s respective ATK and MAGIC stats.
Deal one hit of Additional Physical and Magic Damage to each enemy equal to x% of their MISSING HP.
Deal one hit of Additional Physical and Magic damage to the enemy based on their ATK and DEF stats if the target has no negative effects present on them.
Deal one hit of Physical and one hit of Magic damage to a single target.
Deal one hit of physical and magic damage to a single target equal to x% of their MAX HP per hit.
Deal one hit of physical and magic damage to a single target.
Deal one hit of physical and true damage to a single target that increases based on your ATK and MISSING HP.
Deal one hit of physical and true damage to all enemies that increases based on your MAX HP.
Deal one hit of physical, magic and true damage to a single target that deals x% Increased Damage, Heals self for x% of damage dealt and has a x% chance to gain an Extra Turn if the target is suffering from negative effects.
Deal one hit of physical, magic and true damage to a single target that increases based on your MAX HP and their MISSING HP.
Deal one hit of physical, magic and true damage to a single target.
Deal one hit of physical, magic and true damage to all enemies.
Deal one hit of physical, magic and true damage to each enemy that increases based on your MAX HP and their MAX HP.
Deal one hit of physical, magic, and true damage to a single target.
Deal one hit of true and magic damage to each enemy that increases based your MR and their MAX HP.
Deal physical and magic damage to a single target that increases based on your MISSING HP.
Deal physical and magic damage to all enemies that increases based on your MISSING HP.
Deal physical damage all enemies.
Deal physical damage to a single target equal to x% of your MAX HP.
Deal physical damage to a single target that increases based on your MAX HP.
Deal physical damage to a single target that increases based on your MISSING HP.
Deal physical damage to a single target.
Deal physical damage to all enemies that increases based on your DEF and SPECIAL stats.
Deal physical damage to all enemies that increases based on your DEF stat.
Deal physical damage to all enemies that increases based on your MAX HP.
Deal physical damage to all enemies that increases based on your MISSING HP.
Deal physical damage to all enemies.
Deal physical damage to the target and another random enemy.
Deal random damage to a single enemy that increases based on your MAX HP.
Deal random damage to a single target that increases based on their MAX HP.
Deal random damage to a single target that increases based on your MAX HP.
Deal random damage to a single target that increases based on your SPECIAL stat.
Deal random damage to a single target.
Deal random damage to all enemies that increases based on their MAX HP and MISSING HP.
Deal random damage to all enemies that increases based on your SPECIAL stat.
Deal random damage to all enemies.
Deal random damage to each enemy that increases based on their MAX HP and MISSING HP.
Deal random damage to each enemy that increases based on their MAX HP.
Deal true damage to a single target and magic damage to all enemies that increases based your MR and their MAX HP.
Deal true damage to a single target equal to x% of their MAX HP.
Deal true damage to a single target that increases based on their MISSING HP.
Deal true damage to a single target.
Deal true damage to all enemies based on your MISSING HP.
Deal true damage to all enemies that increases based your MR and their MAX HP.
Deal true damage to each enemy for every burn effect present on each enemy at the start of your turn.
Deal true damage to each enemy that increases based your MR and their MAX HP.
Deal two hits of random damage to a single target.
Deal up to 1x hits of Additional Random Damage to random enemies based on your SPECIAL and their MISSING HP after every action.
Deal up to x hits of Additional Random Damage to each enemy based on your DEF and their MISSING HP if they are suffering from Fear, Sleep or Blind effects, including Silver and Innate effects.
Deal up to x hits of Additional Random Damage to each enemy based on your DEF and their MISSING HP if they lack negative effects after every action.
Deal up to x hits of Additional Random Damage to the target based on their MAX HP and MISSING HP.
Deal x hits of Additional Physical Damage if the target has 4 or more buffs or debuffs active.
Deal x hits of Additional Physical Damage to enemies inflicted with Blind or Perfect Blind.
Deal x hits of Additional Random Damage based on the enemy’s MAX HP every action.
Deal x hits of Additional Random Damage based on the target’s MAX HP if there are no beneficial effects on the target.
Deal x hits of Additional Random Damage on each enemy if Invincibility is active on self.
Deal x hits of Additional Random Damage on each enemy if your HP is x% or lower.
Deal x hits of Additional Random Damage to each enemy based on their MAX HP and MISSING HP if not inflicted with negative effects.
Deal x hits of Additional Random Damage to each enemy that lacks Silver Effects based on their MAX HP.
Deal x hits of Additional Random Damage to random enemies based on their MAX HP and MISSING HP if not inflicted with negative effects.
Deal x hits of Additional True Damage and Remove All Shields if the target has a shield active.
Deal x hits of Physical, Magic, and True damage to all enemies.
Deal x hits of magic damage to a single enemy that increases based on your SPECIAL stat.
Deal x hits of magic damage to a single target that increases based on their ATK and DEF stats.
Deal x hits of magic damage to a single target that increases based your MR and their MAX HP.
Deal x hits of magic damage to a single target.
Deal x hits of magic damage to all enemies that increases based on their MISSING HP.
Deal x hits of magic damage to all enemies that increases based on your ATK and their MISSING HP and MAX HP.
Deal x hits of magic damage to all enemies that increases based on your MISSING HP.
Deal x hits of magic damage to all enemies.
Deal x hits of magic damage to each enemy that increases based on their ATK and DEF stats.
Deal x hits of physical and magic damage to a single target that increases based on x% of their MAX HP.
Deal x hits of physical and magic damage to a single target.
Deal x hits of physical and magic damage to all enemies.
Deal x hits of physical and true damage to a single target that increases based on your ATK and MISSING HP.
Deal x hits of physical and true damage to all enemies based on your ATK and MISSING HP.
Deal x hits of physical damage to a single target and 1 hit of physical damage to all enemies.
Deal x hits of physical damage to a single target that increases based on your MAX HP.
Deal x hits of physical damage to a single target that increases based on your MR stat.
Deal x hits of physical damage to a single target.
Deal x hits of physical damage to all enemies that increases based on your CURRENT HP.
Deal x hits of physical damage to all enemies that increases based on your DEF and SPECIAL stats.
Deal x hits of physical damage to all enemies that increases based on your MR stat.
Deal x hits of physical damage to each enemy based on their MAX HP.
Deal x hits of physical damage to each enemy that increases based on your MISSING HP and their MISSING HP.
Deal x hits of random damage to a single target that increases based on their MAX HP.
Deal x hits of random damage to a single target that increases based on your MAGIC stat.
Deal x hits of random damage to a single target.
Deal x hits of random damage to all enemies that increases based on your SPECIAL stat.
Deal x hits of random damage to all enemies.
Deal x hits of random damage to each enemy that increases based on their MAX HP and MISSING HP.
Deal x hits of random damage to random enemies.
Deal x hits of true damage based off your Missing HP and Inflict Curse for x turns on random enemies when you take damage.
Deal x hits of true damage to a single target and 1 hit of true damage to all enemies that increases based on your ATK stat.
Deal x hits of true damage to a single target.
Deal x hits of true damage to all enemies.
Deal x hits of true damage to each enemy that increases based your MR and their MAX HP.
Deal x% of a random enemy’s MAX HP as magic damage to that enemy and Heal all allies for the same percentage of their MAX HP.
Deal x% of a random enemy’s MAX HP as magic damage to that same enemy and heal self for x% of your MAX HP.
Deal x% of a random enemy’s MAX HP as true damage and heal all allies to full HP when an ally dies.
Deal x% of the target’s MAX HP as random damage.
Deal x% of your CURRENT HP in true damage to Revive all allies with full HP.
Deal x% of your MAX HP as random damage to the target and have that target deal x% of its MAX HP as random damage to you.
Deals 1 hit of magic damage and 1 hit of true damage to all enemies.
Deals 1 hit of physical and 1 hit of true damage to all enemies.
Deals 1 hit of physical damage and 1 hit of true damage to a single target.
Deals 1 hit of true damage and 1 hit of magic damage to a single target.
Deals 3 hit of random damage to a single target.
Deals 3 strikes of physical damage
Deals 4 hit of random damage to a single target.
Deals 5 hit of random damage to all enemies.
Deals 6 hit of random damage to a single target.
Deals Additional Damage to Stunned targets.
Deals Additional Magic Damage if you get a Perfect Hit.
Deals Additional Physical Damage to enemies suffering from Permadeath or Doom.
Deals Additional Physical Damage to targets with Lowered DEF.
Deals Additional True Damage based on the number of beneficial effects on the target and consumes those effects, including Golden Effects.
Deals Additional True Damage for each damage over time effect on the enemy.
Deals Additional True Damage if the target is asleep.
Deals a portion of the enemy’s MAX HP as true damage to all enemies.
Deals additional True Damage for each harmful effect on the enemy.
Deals high magic damage to a target.
Deals high physical damage to an enemy.
Deals high random damage to a single target.
Deals magic damage to a single target that increases based on your MAX HP.
Deals magic damage to a single target.
Deals magic damage to a single-target.
Deals magic damage to all enemies
Deals magic damage to all enemies .
Deals magic damage to all enemies.
Deals magic damage to an enemy.
Deals magical damage to a single target.
Deals massive magic damage to a target.
Deals one hit of magic damage and one hit of physical damage to all enemies.
Deals one hit of physical and magic damage to a single target.
Deals one hit of physical and magic damage to all enemies.
Deals one hit of physical and one hit of magic damage to a single target.
Deals one hit of physical and one hit of magic damage to all enemies.
Deals one hit of physical damage and one hit of magic damage to a single target.
Deals one hit of physical damage and one hit of magic damage to all enemies.
Deals one hit of physical damage and one hit of true damage to a single target.
Deals one hit of physical damage to a single target.
Deals one hit of physical, magic, and true damage to a single target.
Deals one hit of physical, magic, and true damage to all enemies.
Deals one hit of physical, magical, and true damage to a single target.
Deals one hit of random and one hit of true damage to all enemies.
Deals one hit of random damage and one hit of true damage to a single target.
Deals one hit of true and one hit of magic damage to all enemies.
Deals physical and magic damage to a single target.
Deals physical and magic damage to a target.
Deals physical and magic damage to all enemies.
Deals physical and magic damage to enemy.
Deals physical and magic damage.
Deals physical and magical damage to a single target.
Deals physical and magical damage to all enemies.
Deals physical damage to a random target.
Deals physical damage to a single target, then to all enemies.
Deals physical damage to a single target.
Deals physical damage to a single-target.
Deals physical damage to all enemies.
Deals physical, magic, and true damage to a single target.
Deals random damage to a single target.
Deals random damage to a single-target.
Deals random damage to all enemies.
Deals random damage to either a single target OR all enemies.
Deals true damage to a single target.
Deals true damage to all enemies.
Deals true damage to single target.
Deals two hits of Additional True Damage to the target for each instance of Stun, Perfect Bleed, or Blinding Burn already on the target.
Deals two hits of physical damage to a single target.
Deals x hits of Additional Physical Damage if you have the Armor Penetration buff active.
Deals x hits of magic damage and x hits of true damage to a single target.
Deals x hits of magic damage and x hits of true damage to all enemies.
Deals x hits of magic damage to a single target.
Deals x hits of magic damage to all enemies.
Deals x hits of magic damage to random enemies.
Deals x hits of magic damage to the target.
Deals x hits of magic damage.
Deals x hits of physical damage and x hits of magic damage to a single target.
Deals x hits of physical damage and x hits of magic damage to all enemies.
Deals x hits of physical damage to a single target.
Deals x hits of physical damage to all enemies.
Deals x hits of physical damage to enemies.
Deals x hits of physical damage to random targets.
Deals x hits of physical damage to target.
Deals x hits of physical damage.
Deals x hits of random damage to a single target.
Deals x hits of random damage to all enemies.
Deals x hits of random damage to random enemies.
Deals x hits of random damage to random targets.
Deals x hits of random damage.
Deals x hits of true damage to a single target.
Deals x hits of true damage to all enemies.
Deals x hits of true damage to random enemies.
Deals x hits of true damage to random targets.
Deals x% of each ally’s MAX HP as magic damage to each ally, but not self.
Deals x% of the enemy’s MAX HP as true damage to all enemies.
Deals x% of the enemy’s MAX HP as true damage.
Deals x% of the target’s MAX HP as true damage.
Deals x% of your CURRENT HP as true damage to the enemy, and lose the same amount of HP.
Deals x% of your MAX HP as physical damage to a single target.
Deals x% of your MAX HP as true damage to the enemy at the cost of x% of your CURRENT HP.
Decrease Beneficial Effect Duration on each enemy by x turn.
Decrease Beneficial Effect Duration on enemies by x turn.
Decrease Beneficial Effect Duration on the enemy by x turn.
Decrease DEF of target for x turns.
Decrease Duration of Beneficial Effects on enemies by x turn.
Decrease MAGIC of all enemies for the duration of battle.
Decrease MAX HP of all enemies by x% per hit.
Decrease MAX HP of each enemy by x%.
Decrease MAX HP of the enemy by x%.
Decrease Max HP of all enemies by x% .
Decrease Max HP of each enemy by -x% if they have 4 or more buffs or debuffs active.
Decrease Max HP of the enemy by x% each attack.
Decrease Power Generation of each enemy for x turns.
Decrease Power of each enemy. by x and Increase Power of self by 3
Decrease the MAX HP of a random enemy by x% every turn.
Decrease the Max HP of all enemies by x%.
Decrease the duration of beneficial effects on all enemies by x turns for each ally that has Ghost or Soul Protect active at the start of your turn.
Decrease the duration of negative effects on all allies by 2.
Disable Passive of enemy for x turns.
Disable Passives of all enemies for x turns.
Disable the Passive of all enemies for x turns.
Disable the Passive of the enemy for x turns.
Disruption Shield reduces and reflects all damage with a x% Chance to inflict a random negative effect for each hit returned.
Does not apply to effects that have no corresponding golden version.
Doom deals deadly damage to targets after 4 turns.
Dooms the enemy if they have Permadeath.
Drain HP of enemies to all allies for x turns.
Drain x Power and x% Fury from the enemy team.
Drain x Power from each enemy .
Drain x% of the target’s Max HP on hit.
Drains HP from all enemies and grants it to allies every turn
Drains the enemy’s Fury every turn.
Each ally gains Vanish and 2 stacks of HP Regen for x turns after every action they take, including this one, until they die.
Each attack has a chance to Critically Strike.
Each attack has a x% chance to Critically Strike.
Each hit has a x% chance to Critically Strike.
Echo Status grants a x% Chance to get an Extra Turn after performing an action
Echo grants a x% chance for an Extra Turn after each action.
Endure a random ally for x turns at the start of your turn.
Endure prevents an ally’s HP from dropping below 1.
Enemies killed by this attack cannot be revived if your sword is Empowered.
Exhaust and drain x Power from each enemy that is stunned at the start of your turn every turn.
Exhaust lowers all offensive and defensive stats on the target by x%.
Exhaust the target for x turns
Explodes upon death, dealing true damage to all enemies based on the [32CD32]MAX HP[-] of you and the enemy.
Extend Duration of Beneficial Effects by x turn.
Extend Negative Effect Duration on all enemies by 1.
Extend Negative Effect Duration on self and all enemies by x if Time Bomb effects are active on self after every action.
Extend the duration of Ghost effects on allies to infinite duration and remove Dark Ghost and Doom from all allies at the start of your turn.
Extends Duration of Beneficial Effects on allies by x turns.
Extends Duration of Negative Effects on enemies by x turns.
Extends Duration of beneficial effects on allies.
Failing to avoid a hit deals a percentage of their MAX HP as random damage.
Fear deals true damage each turn and inflicts one instance of Toxic Burn, Seal, Exhaust, Doom, or Stun on enemies for x turns each tick.
Flame deals true damage over time with a chance to remove beneficial effects each turn.
For each negative effect on the enemy, randomly grant all allies one of the following for x turns: Perfect Immunity, Ascension, Echo.
Force Shield blocks all damage for 5 hits, regardless of damage type or amount.
Freeze Stuns the target and inflicts Magic Burn.
Freeze a random enemy for x turns each hit.
Freeze enemies for the duration of battle and Heal all allies based on your MAX HP if the target is currently frozen.
Freeze the enemy for x turns.
Freezes the target for x turns if they have 3 or more negative status effects.
Full Heal and grant Immunity to any ally inflicted with Permadeath at the start of your turn
Gain 2 Random Offensive Effect before dealing damage.
Gain 2 extra points of Power every round.
Gain 2 random Golden Effects at the start of battle.
Gain 3 stacks of Regen for x turns.
Gain Accuracy Up for x turns.
Gain Accuracy Up, Armor Penetration, Echo, or Shroud for x turns at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Gain Armor Penetration for x turns.
Gain Ascension for self for x turns if the target has 4 or more buffs or debuffs active.
Gain Ascension for x turns if Perfect Hit status is active at the start of your turn.
Gain Ascension for x turns if Vanish is present at the start of your turn.
Gain Ascension for x turns.
Gain Ascension status for x turns.
Gain Blizzard Shield for x turns.
Gain Charge and Attack Up for x turns.
Gain Charge at the start of your turn every turn.
Gain Charge for x turns if Ghost is present on self.
Gain Charge for x turns when you land a perfect hit.
Gain Charge for x turns.
Gain Class Advantage against all enemies.
Gain Counter Strike status for x turns.
Gain Critical Strike chance for x turns.
Gain Critical Strike chance with x% Critical Chance for x turns if the enemy is Marked.
Gain Critical Strike if a target is killed.
Gain Critical Strike status for x turns.
Gain Critically Strike Chance for x turns if the enemy’s HP is x% or higher.
Gain Damage Charge at the beginning of battle and at the start of your turn.
Gain Damage Charge for x turns if Trap is present at the start of your turn.
Gain Damage Reduction Shield for x turns.
Gain Defense Up and MR Up for x turns.
Gain Echo Status for x turns at the start of battle.
Gain Echo status for x turns if any enemy’s HP is below x% at the start of your turn.
Gain Endure for x turns at the start of battle.
Gain Endure for x turns when you take damage.
Gain Endure, Counterstrike and Golden Trap for x turns.
Gain Endure, Invincibility, or Immunity status.
Gain Extra Turn on Stun.
Gain Fury.
Gain Ghost and Perfect Immunity for x turns upon death.
Gain Golden Hit for x turns.
Gain Immortality for self for x turns if the target has 4 or more buffs or debuffs active.
Gain Immunity for x turns.
Gain Immunity to Damage and All Negative Effects, including Silver and Unblockable effects, for x turns at the start of battle.
Gain Increased ATK and MAX HP for the duration of the battle.
Gain Increased Max HP, ATK, and MAGIC for x turns if the target is bled.
Gain Invincibility for x turns at the start of battle.
Gain Invincibility for x turns.
Gain Invincibility if Regen is active at the start of your turn.
Gain Magic Charge for x turns.
Gain Magma Shield for x turns.
Gain Max Fury if this skill kills an enemy.
Gain Perfect Heal Shield for self and grant HP Regen and Ascension to all allies for x turns when you reach 1 HP.
Gain Perfect Heal Shield for self and grant Void Shield and 2 stacks of HP Regen to all allies for x turns when you reach 1 HP.
Gain Perfect Health for x turns before dealing damage.
Gain Perfect Hit and x% Critical Strike status for x turns if Regen is active at the start of your turn.
Gain Perfect Hit for x turns at the start of battle.
Gain Perfect Hit status for x turns and x% Critical Strike Chance for x turns on Perfect Hits.
Gain Perfect Immortality for x turns if you have Perfect Immunity at the start of your turn.
Gain Perfect Immunity and Inflict Passive Disable on a random enemy for x turns after each action.
Gain Perfect Immunity and Sleep Shield for the duration of battle at the start of battle and after every action.
Gain Perfect Immunity at the start of battle for the duration of battle.
Gain Perfect Immunity for the duration of battle.
Gain Perfect Immunity for x turns.
Gain Perfect Vanish for x turns after every action.
Gain Perfect Vanish for x turns when you take damage.
Gain Power based on Fury reduced.
Gain Reflect Shield for entire battle.
Gain Reflect Shield.
Gain Revenge for the duration of the battle.
Gain Revenge status for x turns.
Gain Sacrifice for the duration of the battle.
Gain Sacrifice or Vanish for x turns and inflict x Marks on a random enemy for x turns after every action while below x% HP.
Gain Shroud and Perfect Hit status for the duration of the battle.
Gain Shroud for x turns.
Gain Sleep Shield for x turns at the start of battle.
Gain Sleep Shield for x turns.
Gain Snow Shield for x turns if any enemy suffers from Dark Ghost or Apparition after every action.
Gain Spell Vamp and Magic Penetration for x turns.
Gain Spell Vamp for x turns.
Gain Spell Vamp, Magic Penetration and Magic Up for x turns before dealing damage.
Gain Titan Shield for x turns.
Gain Trap for the duration of battle and inflict Lower Power Generation and Lower Fury Generation on the target for x turns if they are suffering from Doom.
Gain Trap status for x turns if Regen is present at the start of your turn.
Gain a 4 Hit Innate Force Shield for x turns if Time Bomb effects are not active on self.
Gain a Heal Shield for x turns.
Gain a Perfect Heal Shield and Perfect Immunity for x turns.
Gain a Perfect Heal Shield for x turns.
Gain a Random Defensive Effect and a Random Golden Defensive Effect for x turns if any enemy is suffering from Doom.
Gain a Random Defensive Effect at the start or your turn for x turns.
Gain a Random Defensive Effect for x turns.
Gain a Random Defensive Effect, including Golden effects, for x turns.
Gain a Random Healing Effect, including Golden effects, for x turns.
Gain a Random Offensive Beneficial Effect on each hit.
Gain a Random Offensive Effect for x turns.
Gain a Random Offensive Effect if any enemy is below x% HP.
Gain a Random Offensive Effect, including Golden effects, for x turns.
Gain a Random Offensive and Defensive Effect, including Golden effects, for x turns.
Gain a Random Offensive or Defensive effect for every Physical Burn on each enemy after each action.
Gain a Titan Shield for x turns.
Gain a Void Shield for x turns.
Gain a random Damage Invulnerability Effect if a Damage Reduction Shield is active at the start of your turn.
Gain a random defensive effect when you take damage.
Gain a random offensive effect every time you take damage.
Gain a x% Chance to Vanish after every action.
Gain an Extra Turn and Ascension status for x turns if Burn Effects are present on any enemy after each action and then Consume all the burn effects.
Gain an Extra Turn if Ghost is present on self.
Gain an Extra Turn if Ghost or Ascension is present on self.
Gain an Extra Turn when you kill an enemy.
Gain an Extra Turn.
Gain an Innate Force Shield that prevents damage from a total of 12 incoming attacks at the start of battle and whenever you revive or an enemy is killed.
Gain an extra turn when you kill an enemy.
Gain either Physical, Magic, or True Damage Invulnerability at the start of battle for the duration of battle.
Gain immunity to Passive Disable effects after the first round of battle.
Gain immunity to Sleep, Stun, and Blind effects.
Gain x Power Instantly.
Gain x Power and Endure for x turns when you take damage.
Gain x Power and Heal self based on your MAX HP after every action.
Gain x Power and reduce enemy Power by 2.
Gain x Power and x% Fury when you take damage.
Gain x Power for each Golden effect on the target.
Gain x Power instantly.
Gain x Power, increasing by x each turn up to a maximum of 12, at the start of your turn.
Gain x Power, x% Fury and deal Additional Random Damage to the target based on your MAGIC and their MISSING HP on Perfect Hits.
Gain x% Critical Strike Chance for x turns if Vanish effects are active on self at the start of your turn.
Gain x% Critically Strike and a x% Chance to gain an Extra Turn if the target has Time Bomb active.
Gains Endure for x turns when HP drops to 1.
Gains Revenge for the duration of battle.
Gains Vanish at the start of battle for x turns.
Gains a Damage Reduction Shield.
Gains a Sleep Shield for x turns. Sleep Shield reduces all damage by x% and has a x% chance to inflict Perfect Sleep on enemies that attack you for x turns.
Gains a Snow Shield at the start of battle.
Gains an Extra Turn.
Gains x% Critical Strike Chance for the duration of battle.
Generate 1 point of Power whenever you take damage.
Generate Fury when you take damage.
Generate up to x Power.
Get an Extra Turn if you gain Class Advantage.
Ghost prevents death while active, but causes you to permanently die upon expiring.
Gives Critical Strike chance to all allies.
Gives Perfect Hit status to all allies at the start of battle for x turns.
Gives Physical Charge to all allies.
Gives a Heal, Damage Reflect, or Damage Reduction Shield to all allies at the start of battle.
Grant 1x Power and Echo to all allies for x turns if any enemy has Perfect Bleed active.
Grant 2 stacks of HP Regen to all allies for x turns.
Grant 3 Random Beneficial Effects to all allies for x turns.
Grant 3 Random Beneficial and Golden Effects to each ally for x turns after every action.
Grant 3 stacks of HP Regen to all allies for x turns.
Grant ATK UP to all allies at the start of battle for x turns.
Grant ATK Up to all allies for x turns.
Grant Accuracy Up on each ally for x turns if they lack negative effects.
Grant Accuracy Up to all allies.
Grant Accuracy Up to self and a random ally for 2-4 turns.
Grant Accuracy Up to self and a random ally for x turns.
Grant Armor Penetration and Attack Up to all allies for x turns.
Grant Armor Penetration to allies for x turns.
Grant Armor and Magic Penetration to all allies for x turns.
Grant Armor and Magic Penetration to each ally for x turns.
Grant Ascension and Class Advantage to all allies for x turns.
Grant Ascension and Perfect Immortality to each ally for x turns if Vanish is present at the start of your turn.
Grant Ascension to all Ghosted allies for x turns at the start of your turn.
Grant Ascension to all allies at the start of battle for the duration of battle.
Grant Ascension to all allies for x turns if any enemies are inflicted with Sleep at the beginning of your turn.
Grant Ascension to all allies for x turns if the target’s HP is below 50%.
Grant Ascension to all allies for x turns.
Grant Ascension to self for x turns.
Grant Attack Up and Magic Up to all allies and inflict Attack Down and Magic Down on all enemies for x turns.
Grant Attack Up and Magic Up to all allies for x turns.
Grant Attack Up and x% Critical Strike Chance chance to all allies for x turns.
Grant Attack Up to all allies for x turns.
Grant Blizzard Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant Blizzard Shield to self and up to x allies.
Grant Charge and x% Critical Strike Chance to all allies for x turns if at x% HP or below.
Grant Charge to all allies if you or any ally is below x% Max HP at the start of your turn.
Grant Charge to allies for x turns.
Grant Charge, Perfect Immortality, Increased Fury Generation and Increased Power Generation to all allies for x turns.
Grant Class Advantage and HP Regen to all allies for x turns at the start of battle.
Grant Class Advantage to all allies for x turns.
Grant Cleanse and Trap to all allies for x turns.
Grant Cleanse status for x turns and Heal all allies for x% of their MAX HP every turn.
Grant Cleanse status to all allies for x turns.
Grant Counter Strike and Echo to all allies for x turns.
Grant Counterstrike to all allies for x turns and fully heal allies if any ally’s HP falls to zero.
Grant Counterstrike to all allies if this attack kills an enemy.
Grant Critical Strike Chance to allies for x turns.
Grant Critical Strike Chance to self and a random ally for x turns at the start of your turn.
Grant DEF Charge to self and immediately grant Increased DEF to all allies for x turns.
Grant DEF and MR Charge to all allies and immediately grant Increased DEF and MR to all allies.
Grant DEF and MR UP to all allies for x turns.
Grant Damage Reduction Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant Damage Reflect Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant Defense Up and MR Up to all allies for x turns.
Grant Disruption Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant Echo status to self and a random ally for x turns if Perfect Hit is present at the start of your turn.
Grant Echo to all allies for x turns if any enemy is inflicted with Stun or Perfect Stun.
Grant Echo to all allies for x turns.
Grant Echo to each ally for x turns if they have no negative effects.
Grant Endure and Echo to all allies for x turns when you reach 1 HP.
Grant Endure and Immunity to allies below x% HP for x turns at the start of each turn.
Grant Endure and Perfect Immunity to all allies for x turns at the start of battle.
Grant Endure to all allies at the start of battle for x turns.
Grant Endure to all allies for x turns.
Grant Endure to allies for x turns.
Grant Endure to self for x turns.
Grant Endure, Immunity and Trap to all allies for x turns if at x% HP or below.
Grant Extra Turn to all allies.
Grant Force Shield or Titan Shield to each ally for x turns.
Grant Force Shield to all allies.
Grant Full Power and Fury to team after the first action in battle.
Grant Golden Hit and a Random Golden Defensive Effect to self and a random ally for x turns when you take damage.
Grant Golden Hit buff to self and random ally for x turns.
Grant Golden Hit to all allies for the duration of battle.
Grant Golden Hit to all allies for x turns.
Grant Golden Hit to each ally for x turns.
Grant Golden Hit, Increased Fury Generation and Perfect Titan Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant Golden Trap to all allies for the duration of battle at the start of battle.
Grant Golden Trap to all allies for x turns.
Grant Golden Trap to each ally for x turns if any target lacks Silver Effects.
Grant Guard Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant Guard Shield, MAGIC UP, and Magic Penetration to all allies for x turns.
Grant HP Regen to all allies for x turns and inflict Unblockable Stun on the target for x turns if Time Bomb effects are active on self.
Grant HP Regen to all allies for x turns.
Grant HP Regen to self for x turns.
Grant Heal Amp to all allies for x turns.
Grant Heal Amp, Lifesteal, and Spellvamp to all allies, but not self, for x turns.
Grant Heal Shield for self and up to x allies on Perfect Hits.
Grant Heal Shield to allies for x turns.
Grant Heal Shield, Defense Up and MR Up to all allies for x turns.
Grant Immortality to an ally for x turns.
Grant Immunity and Cleanse to all allies for x turns.
Grant Immunity and Golden Trap to each ally for x turns.
Grant Immunity or Perfect Immunity to each ally at Start of battle for x turns.
Grant Immunity or Perfect Immunity to each ally for x turns.
Grant Immunity to Apparition to all allies until they die.
Grant Immunity to Bleed and Perfect Bleed effects to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Blind and Perfect Blind to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Blind, Stop and all Skill Disabling effects, including Silver and Innate effects, to all allies until they die at the start of battle.
Grant Immunity to Block Beneficial Effects and Perfect Corruption to all allies until they die.
Grant Immunity to Burn and Sleep effects to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Burn effects to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Burn effects, Stop, and Perfect Death to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Cleave, Crave, Perfect Crave, and Doom to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Crave and Heal Block to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Crave and Perfect Crave to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Doom, Crave, and Perfect Crave to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Doom, Curse, and Permadeath to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Doom, Sleep, and Perfect Sleep to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Heal Block and Heal Reduction effects.
Grant Immunity to Mark effects to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Max HP Reduction and Exhaust to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Perfect Corruption, Physical Burn, and Toxic Burn to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Permadeath to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Permadeath, Perfect Death, Block Beneficial, and Perfect Corruption to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Skill Disabling effects to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Sleep, Perfect Sleep, Cleave, and MAX HP reduction effects to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Sleep, Perfect Sleep, and Magic Burn to all allies.
Grant Immunity to Stat Reduction effects to all allies for the duration of battle.
Grant Immunity to Stop, Fear and Heal Block Effects, including Silver and Innate effects, to all allies until they die whenever this passive becomes active.
Grant Immunity to all Burn effects, including Silver effects, to all allies.
Grant Immunity to all Stun and Freeze effects, including Silver and Innate effects, to all allies.
Grant Immunity to all allies for x turns.
Grant Immunity to all allies if Regen HP is present at the start of your turn.
Grant Increase Power Generation to allies for x turns
Grant Increased ATK and MAGIC to all allies for x turns.
Grant Increased Accuracy and Perfect Hit status to all allies for x turns.
Grant Increased Accuracy to all allies for x turns.
Grant Increased DEF and Golden Hit to all allies for x turns at the start of battle.
Grant Increased Fury Generation to all allies and Inflict Decreased Fury Generation to all enemies for x turns.
Grant Increased Fury Generation to all allies for x turns.
Grant Increased Fury Generation, Attack Up and Defense Up to all allies for x turns.
Grant Increased MAGIC or Magic Penetration to allies for x turns.
Grant Increased Max HP and ATK to self for x turns at the start of battle.
Grant Increased Power Generation to self for the duration of battle.
Grant Increased Power and Fury Generation to all allies for x turns.
Grant Increased Power and Fury generation for x turns to all allies at the start of battle.
Grant Invincibility and Critical Strike Chance to all allies for x turns if any ally’s HP is below x% HP at the start of your turn.
Grant Invincibility and Immunity to all allies for x turns.
Grant Invincibility to all allies for x turns if Golden Effects are present on the target.
Grant Invincibility to all allies for x turns.
Grant Invincibility to self and a random ally for 1-3 turns.
Grant Invincibility to self and a random ally for x turns.
Grant Invincibility, Attack Up, and Magic Up to all allies for x turns.
Grant Invincibility, Increased ATK, and Increase MAGIC to all allies for x turns.
Grant Invulnerability to All Damage Types to all allies for x turns.
Grant Life Steal, Spell Vamp, and Increased DEF and MR to all allies for x turns.
Grant Lifesteal for x turns to self and up to x allies.
Grant Lifesteal, Spellvamp and Echo to all allies for x turns.
Grant MAGIC UP to all allies for x turns.
Grant MAGIC, DEF and MR Charge to all allies for the duration of battle.
Grant MR Charge to all allies for x turns.
Grant MR Up to all allies for x turns.
Grant Magic Charge to all allies for x turns if Magic Penetration is active on any ally at the start of your turn.
Grant Magic Penetration and Increased Accuracy at the start of battle to all allies for x turns.
Grant Magic Penetration to all allies for x turns at the start of battle.
Grant Magic Up to all allies for x turns.
Grant Magma Shield to all allies for a turn.
Grant Magma Shield to all allies for x turns at the start of battle.
Grant Magma Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Accuracy Up to all allies for x turns at the start of battle.
Grant Perfect Accuracy Up to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Accuracy and Counterstrike to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Accuracy to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Cleanse and Soul Protect to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Cleanse and a Random Golden Effect to each ally for x turns whenever an enemy is killed.
Grant Perfect Force Shield to each ally for x turns at the start of battle.
Grant Perfect Heal Shield and Counterstrike to all allies for x turns if any enemy is currently taunted.
Grant Perfect Heal Shield and Golden Trap to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Heal Shield and Immunity to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Heal Shield if Increased Max HP or Perfect Health is active at the start of your turn.
Grant Perfect Heal Shield to all allies for x turns at the start of battle.
Grant Perfect Heal Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Heal Shield, Lifesteal and Spellvamp to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Health and Immunity to Silver Effects to all allies for the first 3 turns of battle.
Grant Perfect Health and Soul Protect to each ally for x turns.
Grant Perfect Health to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Health to self and a random ally for x turns.
Grant Perfect Health to self for x turns.
Grant Perfect Health, Perfect Immunity, and Perfect Revenge to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Hit to a target ally for x turns.
Grant Perfect Hit, Life Steal, and Spell Vamp status to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Immortality and Magic Charge to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Immortality to all allies for x turns at the start of battle.
Grant Perfect Immortality to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Immunity and Echo to all allies for the duration of battle.
Grant Perfect Immunity and Endure to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Immunity and Perfect Titan Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Immunity to all allies for x turns and Increased Accuracy for the duration of battle at the start of battle.
Grant Perfect Immunity to all allies for x turns at the start of battle and to self for the duration of battle.
Grant Perfect Immunity to all allies for x turns if Vanish is present on self at the start of your turn.
Grant Perfect Immunity to all allies for x turns if an effect is removed.
Grant Perfect Immunity to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Immunity, Endure and Charge to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Immunity, Golden Hit and Accuracy Up to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Revenge and Ascension to all allies for the duration of battle if Lady Azov or Baroness Redan are alive on your team at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Grant Perfect Revenge and Golden Hit for the duration of battle until they die.
Grant Perfect Titan Shield and Cleanse to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Titan Shield to all allies for x turns at the start of battle.
Grant Perfect Titan Shield to all allies for x turns if the target has Increased Max HP or Perfect Health active.
Grant Perfect Titan Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant Perfect Vanish to all allies for x turns.
Grant Physical Charge and Invincibility to all allies for x turns if the target is suffering from Bleed.
Grant Physical Shield and Magic Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant Physical and Magic Penetration to all allies for x turns.
Grant Physical, Magic, and True Block to the revived ally for x turns.
Grant Physical, Magic, and True Charge to all allies for the duration of battle.
Grant Physical, Magic, and True Damage Invulnerability to self for x turns.
Grant Physical, Magic, or True Block to all allies for the duration of the battle.
Grant Physical, Magic, or True Damage Block to all allies for the duration of battle.
Grant Physical, Magic, or True Damage Invulnerability to each ally for x turns.
Grant Power Shield to allies for x turns.
Grant Power Shield, Trap, Golden Trap and a 5 Hit Innate Force Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant Reflect Shield to a target ally 1 turn.
Grant Reflect Shield to all allies for x turns
Grant Reflect Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant Reflect Shield to self and a random ally for x turns.
Grant Regen HP, True Shield, and Damage Reduction Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant Regen for x turns to all allies below x% HP.
Grant Regen to all allies for the duration of battle.
Grant Regen to all allies for x turns.
Grant Regen to self and a random ally for x turns.
Grant Revenge and Power Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant Revenge to all allies for x turns at the start of battle and start of your turn.
Grant Revenge to all allies for x turns.
Grant Sacrifice and Perfect Immortality to all allies for x turns if at x% HP or below.
Grant Sacrifice to all allies for x turns.
Grant Sacrifice, Golden Hit, Perfect Revenge and Class Advantage to all allies for x turns.
Grant Sleep Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant Snow Shield to all allies at the start of battle.
Grant Soul Protect to all allies for the duration of the battle at the start of battle.
Grant Spell Vamp and Life Steal to all allies for x turns.
Grant Spell Vamp or Life Steal to each ally at the start of your turn.
Grant Spell Vamp, Life Steal, and Echo status to each ally for x turns.
Grant Stone Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant Thorn Shield to each ally for x turns.
Grant Trap and Golden Hit to self and a random ally for x turns.
Grant Trap status to all allies for x turns.
Grant Trap, Golden Trap, Perfect Immunity and Invincibility to all allies for x turns.
Grant True Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant Vanish to a random ally.
Grant Vanish to all allies for x turns if Vanish is present at the start of your turn.
Grant Vanish to self and a random ally for x turns every action.
Grant Vanish to self for x turns.
Grant Vanish to up to x random allies for x turns after every action.
Grant a Damage Reduction Shield to each ally below x% HP at the start of your turn for the duration of the battle.
Grant a Damage Reflect Shield to each ally for x turns.
Grant a Force Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant a Heal Shield to each ally for x turns.
Grant a Magma Shield to all allies at the start of each turn for x turns.
Grant a Physical, Magic, or True Block to each ally if Regen is present at the start of your turn.
Grant a Random Beneficial Effect to each ally for x turns.
Grant a Random Beneficial Effect to each ally, but not self.
Grant a Random Beneficial Effect, including Golden Effects to allies with Cleanse or Immunity status active.
Grant a Random Beneficial Effect, including Golden Effects, for each Negative Effect removed.
Grant a Random Defensive Effect to all allies for 1 or 2 turns.
Grant a Random Defensive Effect to self and a random ally each hit.
Grant a Random Golden Defensive Effect to all allies for 1 or 2 turns.
Grant a Random Golden Effect for each Golden Effect currently on each ally.
Grant a Random Heal Effect to each ally for x turns.
Grant a Random Healing Effect to each ally for x turns.
Grant a Random Offensive Effect to each ally and Heal them based on your MAX HP if any enemy is below x% health.
Grant a Random Offensive Effect to each ally for each Burn on the target.
Grant a Random Offensive Effect to each ally for x turns and Remove All Shield and Invincibility Effects, including Vanish effects, from all enemies if the target is killed.
Grant a Random Offensive Effect to each ally for x turns.
Grant a Random Offensive Effect to each ally.
Grant a Random Offensive Effect to self and a random ally for x turns.
Grant a Random Offensive Effect to self for x turns and Remove All Shields and Invincibility Effects, including Vanish effects, from the target before dealing damage.
Grant a Random Offensive Golden Effect to a random ally for the duration of battle if there are no Golden Effects currently on the ally.
Grant a Random Offensive effect to each ally for x turns.
Grant a Random Shield to each ally for x turns.
Grant a Sleep Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grant a Snow Shield to a random ally for x turns if any enemy is already inflicted with Freeze.
Grant a random Beneficial Heal Effect to all allies and inflicts a Random Negative Effect on enemies for each target that is stunned.
Grant a random ally Perfect Revenge for the duration of battle when any other ally dies.
Grant a random ally, not including self, an Extra Turn every action.
Grant a random beneficial effect to each ally at the start of battle for x turns.
Grant a random shield to all allies for x turns at the start of battle.
Grant all allies Echo for x turns.
Grant all allies Immunity to Passive Disable effects until they die and a Random Offensive and Defensive Effect, including Golden effects, for x turns at the start of your turn.
Grant all allies Perfect Vanish and Golden Trap for x turns at the start of battle.
Grant all allies a Random Defensive Effect for each enemy successfully inflicted with Decreased MAX HP.
Grant all other characters, including enemies but not self, a random Golden Beneficial Effect for the duration of battle at the start of battle.
Grant an Extra Turn to a random ally.
Grant an Extra Turn to all allies if any Bleed effect is present on the target.
Grant an Extra Turn to all allies if any enemy is inflicted with Sleep or Perfect Sleep.
Grant an Extra Turn to all allies.
Grant an Extra Turn to each ally.
Grant an Extra Turn to self and a random ally if Immunity is removed.
Grant an Extra Turn to self and a random ally.
Grant an Extra Turn to self and a target ally.
Grant an Extra Turn to self and up to x allies if Armor or Magic Penetration is currently active on you.
Grant an Extra Turn to self and up to x allies if any enemy is inflicted with Stun or Perfect Stun.
Grant an Extra Turn to the ally if Stun, Sleep, Taunt, or Freeze is removed.
Grant an Extra Turn to the target ally.
Grant an Extra Turn to up to x allies.
Grant an Extra Turn to up to x random allies.
Grant an Innate Titan Shield equal to x% of your MAX HP to all allies for the duration of battle.
Grant each ally Ghost for x turns when they die.
Grant each ally an Extra Turn.
Grant each ally immunity to a random damage type at the start of your turn.
Grant immunity to Doom, Permadeath, Perfect Death as well as all skills that prevent revive, with the exception of Ghost effects, to all allies.
Grant immunity to Fear, Permadeath, and Doom to all allies.
Grant immunity to Max HP Decrease effects to all allies at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Grant immunity to Permadeath and Perfect Death to all allies.
Grant immunity to Sleep and Perfect Sleep to all allies.
Grant immunity to passive disable to all allies after the first turn of battle.
Grant self Revenge for x turns.
Grant up to x Random Shield Effects to random allies for x turns
Grant x Power to each ally.
Grant x% Critical Strike Chance to all allies for x turns if any Bleed effect is present on the target.
Grant x% Critical Strike Chance to all allies if any enemy is currently stunned.
Grant x% Critical Strike to all allies for x turns if Armor or Magic Penetration is active at the start of your turn.
Grant your allies a x% chance to avoid damage when they are attacked.
Grant your enemies three wishes in exchange for an Extra Turn.
Grants ATK Increase for x turns.
Grants Armor Penetration for x turns.
Grants Armor Penetration to all allies for x turns.
Grants Armor and Magic Penetration.
Grants Ascension to all allies for x turns.
Grants Charge and Golden Hit to allies suffering from Blind or Taunt effects for x turns at the start of your turn.
Grants Charge to all allies for x turns.
Grants Charge to all other allies that have the Dioscuri passive for x turns.
Grants Cleanse to all allies for x turns.
Grants Counter Strike to all allies for x turns.
Grants Critical Strike Chance to all allies for x turns.
Grants Cyclone Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grants Cyclone Shield to self for the duration of the battle.
Grants Damage Reduction Shield for x turns.
Grants Damage Reduction Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grants Echo status for x turns.
Grants Echo status to all allies for x turns.
Grants Echo to self for x turns.
Grants Endure and Perfect Immunity to all allies for x turns.
Grants Endure to an ally for x turns.
Grants Endure to self and a target ally.
Grants Endure, Immunity, or Invincibility status to all allies.
Grants Force Shield for x turns.
Grants Guard Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grants Heal Amp for x turns.
Grants Heal Amp to all allies for x turns.
Grants Heal Amp to self for x turns at the start of battle and start of your turn.
Grants Heal Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grants Heal Shield to all allies.
Grants Immunity and Removes negative Effects, including Silver Effects from allies suffering from Silver Effects at the start of your turn.
Grants Immunity and Thorn Shields to all allies for x turns.
Grants Immunity for x turns to allies with no beneficial effects active.
Grants Immunity for x turns.
Grants Immunity to Bleed and Dark Ghost Effects for all allies.
Grants Immunity to Blind, Seal, and Taunt effects for all allies.
Grants Immunity to Burn and Freeze effects, including unblockable Freeze effects, for all allies.
Grants Immunity to Burn, Doom, Dark Ghost, and Mark Effects to all allies.
Grants Immunity to Burn, Stun, Freeze, and Taunt effects to all allies.
Grants Immunity to Doom, Curse, and Permadeath to all allies.
Grants Immunity to Doom, Permadeath, and Perfect Death to all allies.
Grants Immunity to Mark, Doom, and Curse effects for all allies.
Grants Immunity to Permadeath and Perfect Death to all allies.
Grants Immunity to Permadeath, Perfect Corruption, and Fear effects to all allies for the duration of the battle.
Grants Immunity to Permadeath, Perfect Death, and Doom to all allies.
Grants Immunity to Silence and Crave effects to all allies.
Grants Immunity to Sleep and Lower MAX HP effects to all allies.
Grants Immunity to Sleep and Perfect Sleep to all allies.
Grants Immunity to Stat Decreasing effects for all allies, which includes: ATK, MAGIC, DEF, MR, POWER, and FURY Decreasing effects.
Grants Immunity to all allies for x turns at the start of battle.
Grants Immunity to all allies for x turns at the start of the battle.
Grants Immunity to all allies for x turns if an Immunity effect is removed.
Grants Immunity to all allies for x turns.
Grants Immunity to allies for x turns.
Grants Immunity to an ally for x turns.
Grants Immunity to target ally.
Grants Increase DEF and MR to all allies for x turns.
Grants Increased Accuracy and Critical Strike Chance to all allies for x turns.
Grants Increased Fury Generation to allies for x turns.
Grants Invincibility for x turns and Power Generation for x turns if Attack Up is present.
Grants Invincibility to all allies for x turns.
Grants Invincibility to allies for x turns.
Grants Lifesteal and Healing Amp to all allies for x turns.
Grants Lifesteal for x turns.
Grants Lifesteal status to all allies at the start of battle.
Grants Lifesteal status to all allies for x turns.
Grants Lifesteal to all allies for x turns.
Grants Lifesteal to all allies.
Grants MAGIC Increase for x turns.
Grants Magic Charge to all allies for x turns.
Grants Magic Charge to random ally for x turns.
Grants Perfect Accuracy, Perfect Health, and Increase ATK, MAGIC, DEF, and MR to all allies for x turns at the start of battle.
Grants Perfect Health and Perfect Immunity to all allies for x turns.
Grants Perfect Hit status to all allies for x turns.
Grants Perfect Hit to all allies for x turns.
Grants Perfect Hit to all allies.
Grants Perfect Immortality and Power Generation to self for the duration of the battle.
Grants Perfect Immortality and x% Critical Strike to any other ally that has the Dioscuri passive at the start of your turn for x turns.
Grants Perfect Immortality if Critical Strike status is present at the start of your turn.
Grants Perfect Immortality to all allies for the duration of the battle.
Grants Perfect Immortality, Sacrifice, and Perfect Accuracy to all allies for x turns.
Grants Perfect Immunity to all allies for x turns, before dealing damage.
Grants Perfect Immunity to all allies for x turns.
Grants Perfect Immunity to self for the duration of the battle and up to x random allies for x turns.
Grants Physical Charge to allies.
Grants Physical Damage Invulnerability to all allies for the first 2 turns of battle.
Grants Physical, Magic, or True Block to each ally for x turns.
Grants Power Generation and Regen to all allies at the start of battle for x turns.
Grants Random Beneficial Effects to random allies.
Grants Regen HP for x turns to all allies.
Grants Regen HP to all allies for 2-4 turns.
Grants Regen to allies for x turns.
Grants Regen, Perfect Hit, and Heal Shield to random allies every turn for x turns
Grants Regen, Perfect Hit, and Increased Accuracy to all allies for x turns.
Grants Shroud status to all allies for the duration of the battle.
Grants Shroud to self and a random ally for x turns.
Grants Soul Protect and Immunity to a target ally for x turns.
Grants Soul Protect and Immunity to all allies for the remainder of the battle.
Grants Spell Vamp and Healing Amp to all allies for x turns.
Grants Spell Vamp for x turns.
Grants Spell Vamp to allies for x turns.
Grants Stone Shield to all allies for the first turn of battle.
Grants Titan Shield for x turns.
Grants Titan Shield to self and up to x allies.
Grants True Damage Shield to all allies for 2-4 turns.
Grants True Damage Shield to allies for x turns.
Grants Vanish for x turns to all allies.
Grants Void Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grants a Disruption Shield to all allies for x turns at the start of battle.
Grants a Disruption Shield to self and a target ally.
Grants a Force Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grants a Heal Shield for x turns.
Grants a Heal Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grants a Magma Shield to each ally for x turns.
Grants a Power Shield for x turns.
Grants a Random Shield to all allies for x turns.
Grants a Thorn Shield for x turns.
Grants an Extra Turn to all allies.
Grants an Extra Turn to any other ally that has the Dioscuri passive if the target is currently asleep.
Grants an Extra Turn to caster.
Grants an Extra Turn to the ally.
Grants an Extra Turn to the target ally.
Grants an additional Healing based on MISSING HP for every Mark on the target.
Grants immunity to Stun, Taunt, and Freeze effects, including unblockable effects, to all allies.
Grants immunity to a random ally every following turn.
Grants increased Accuracy to all allies for x turns at the start of battle.
Grants the caster Immunity for x turns at the start of the battle.
Grants the caster a Titan Shield every turn.
Grants x% Critical Strike Chance for x turns.
Grants x% Critical Strike chance for x turns.
Grievous Burn deals physical damage over time to targets and has a x% Chance to inflict Heal Reduction for x turns and x% Chance to Stun the enemy for x turns.
Grievous Burn deals physical damage over time with a x% chance to Reduce Healing and Stun the target every turn.
Guard Shield reduces damage taken and increases Fury for every hit.
Has Class Advantage against every enemy.
Heal Amp Increase the effectiveness of healing by x%.
Heal Block all enemies for x turns.
Heal Blocks all enemies for x turns.
Heal Blocks enemy below x% HP.
Heal Blocks for x turns.
Heal Shield heals for a percentage of the damage received.
Heal Shield heals targets based on the damage they receive.
Heal Shield reduces damage and heals for a percentage of damage taken.
Heal a random ally based on their MISSING HP every turn.
Heal a random ally based on your ATK.
Heal a random ally based on your MAGIC stat.
Heal a random ally per hit.
Heal all allies at the start of your turn based on the number of burn effects on each enemy.
Heal all allies based off of your MAX HP.
Heal all allies based on on your DEF and SPECIAL stats.
Heal all allies based on the number of negative effects on each ally.
Heal all allies based on the number of negative effects on each enemy.
Heal all allies based on the number of negative effects removed.
Heal all allies based on the number of targets inflicted with Sleep.
Heal all allies based on their ATK and DEF.
Heal all allies based on their ATK and MAGIC stat.
Heal all allies based on their ATK stat.
Heal all allies based on their ATK.
Heal all allies based on their ATK/ MAGIC stat if your HP is below x% after taking an action.
Heal all allies based on their MAX HP.
Heal all allies based on their MISSING HP.
Heal all allies based on their MISSING HP. Increase healing by x% of MAX HP for each Physical Burn, Magic Burn, and Flame effect on each enemy.
Heal all allies based on their Missing HP.
Heal all allies based on their SPECIAL stat.
Heal all allies based on x% of your MAX HP.
Heal all allies based on your ATK and MAGIC stats.
Heal all allies based on your ATK stat.
Heal all allies based on your Current HP every turn.
Heal all allies based on your MAGIC stat.
Heal all allies based on your MAX HP when you take damage.
Heal all allies based on your MAX HP.
Heal all allies based on your MISSING HP.
Heal all allies based on your Max HP after each action.
Heal all allies based on your Max HP for each remaining negative effect on each ally at the start of your turn.
Heal all allies based on your SPECIAL stat.
Heal all allies based your MAX HP and the target’s MISSING HP.
Heal all allies by x% for each positive effect currently active on them.
Heal all allies by x% of their Max HP for every instance of Perfect Immunity on the enemy and Remove Perfect Immunity from the enemy.
Heal all allies for each Mark on the target.
Heal all allies for x% of MAX HP every hit and Wake any allies suffering from Sleep effects.
Heal all allies for x% of MAX HP if Vanish is present at the start of your turn.
Heal all allies for x% of their HP if this attack kills an enemy.
Heal all allies for x% of your MAX HP.
Heal all allies if the target is suffering from Bleed.
Heal all allies on Perfect Attacks.
Heal all allies to full HP if any enemy lacks beneficial effects.
Heal all allies to their FULL HP.
Heal all allies.
Heal all other allies that have the Dioscuri passive to full HP.
Heal allies based on the number of beneficial effects, including Golden Effects, on each enemy and steal one beneficial effect from a random enemy every turn.
Heal allies based on their ATK and MAGIC stat.
Heal allies below x% HP.
Heal allies for x% Max HP for every x% of your Missing HP every turn.
Heal allies for x% of their MAX HP.
Heal amount based on the ally’s Missing HP.
Heal amount based on your MAX HP.
Heal amount increases based on the number of beneficial effects on self.
Heal amount increases based on the number of negative effects on the enemy.
Heal amount is based on target’s Missing HP.
Heal amount is based on the number of negative effects on all enemies.
Heal amount is based on the target’s MAX HP.
Heal amount is based on their MAX HP.
Heal amount is based on your ATK and MAX HP.
Heal amount is based on your ATK stat.
Heal amount is based on your ATK.
Heal amount is based on your ATTACK and MAX HP.
Heal amount is based on your MAGIC and MAX HP.
Heal amount is based on your MAGIC stat.
Heal amount is based on your MR and the target’s MAX HP.
Heal and Cleanse all allies for each enemy inflicted with Bleed.
Heal and Cleanse self.
Heal and grant Increased ATK and MAGIC for x turns to self and a random ally.
Heal and grant Invincibility for x turns to allies with no beneficial effects.
Heal and grant an Extra Turn to self and a random ally.
Heal any ally below x% HP an additional x% of their Max HP and grant them True and Magic Damage Block for x turns if you have Perfect Immunity active on you after each action.
Heal any ally suffering from Sleep or Perfect Sleep to Full HP.
Heal each ally 4 times based on your SPECIAL stat.
Heal each ally based on the number of Negative Effects on the ally.
Heal each ally based on their MAX HP.
Heal each ally based on your ATK if any enemy has a Mark at the start of your turn.
Heal each ally for x% of their MAX HP.
Heal each ally for x% of your MAX HP and deal Additional Magic Damage to each enemy for each effect removed.
Heal each ally for x% of your MAX HP.
Heal for a portion of your MAX HP.
Heal for x% of all damage dealt.
Heal for x% of your ATK and MAGIC stat.
Heal for x% of your MAX HP.
Heal for x% of your Max HP whenever you take physical or magic damage.
Heal for x% of your Max HP.
Heal for x% of your Missing HP.
Heal is based on your MAX HP.
Heal self and a random ally based on x% of the target’s MAX HP.
Heal self and a random ally per hit.
Heal self and the target based on x% your MAX HP.
Heal self and up to x random allies.
Heal self back up to MAX HP and inflict Fear and Perfect Silence to all enemies until they die when you reach 1HP for the first time in battle.
Heal self based on MAX HP.
Heal self based on your DEF and MISSING HP or gain a Random Beneficial Effect, including Golden effects, for x turns for each instance of Fear on each enemy.
Heal self based on your MAGIC stat.
Heal self based on your MISSING HP.
Heal self based on your SPECIAL stat.
Heal self for x% of your MAX HP before dealing damage.
Heal self for x% of your MAX HP.
Heal self whenever damage is taken based off of Missing HP.
Heal the ally for x% of their MAX HP.
Heal up to x random allies based on your MAX HP.
Heal up to x random allies if the target is stunned by this attack.
Heal x% of your MAX HP and revive a random ally after each action.
Heals all allies
Heals all allies based on number of negative effects that were on the enemy and your MAX HP.
Heals all allies based on their ATK and MAGIC stat.
Heals all allies based on their MAGIC stat.
Heals all allies based on their MAX HP.
Heals all allies based on their MISSING HP.
Heals all allies based on your ATK and MAGIC stat.
Heals all allies for x turns.
Heals all allies for x% of CURRENT HP.
Heals all allies for x% of their MAX HP.
Heals all allies for x% of their Missing HP.
Heals all allies.
Heals allies based on their MAX HP.
Heals allies based on their Missing HP.
Heals allies based on your ATK and MAGIC stat.
Heals allies based on your MAGIC stat.
Heals allies based on your MAX HP.
Heals allies every turn based on the number of negative effects currently on you.
Heals allies for x% of MISSING HP.
Heals each ally if a shield is present on them.
Heals every ally whose HP is below x% at the start of your turn.
Heals for x% of your MAX HP.
Heals self and gains Armor and Magic Penetration if below x% HP.
Heals self based on your ATK stat.
Heals self.
Heals the target ally.
Heals x% of MAX HP for each effect stolen.
Heals x% of your HP for every beneficial effect removed.
Heals you for x% of your HP.
Heals yourself if the target is Stunned.
If Accuracy or Perfect Accuracy is already present, instantly Gain x Power and an Extra Turn and remove Perfect Accuracy from self.
If Borte, Mongol Empress or Khan Eddie is in your team, gain Ascension for x turns at the start of battle.
If Cyclone Shield is not present at the start of your turn, Freeze, Blind, or Heal Block all enemies.
If Genghis Khan is in your team, Grant Accuracy Up to allies at the start of battle and at the start of your turn for x turns.
If Ghost is active on any ally at the start of your turn apply x% Critical Strike Chance to them for the duration of battle.
If Trap effect is not present at the start of your turn, Reduce the Fury of enemies, Remove Immunity, and Inflict Exhaust on a random enemy, then grant Trap to self for x turns.
If a Mongol Archer is in your team, inflict Taunt for x turns on all enemies at the start of battle.
If a status effect is applied, gain an Extra Turn.
If allies die with Soul Protect, they will gain Ghost status and remain alive for x turns after death or until inflicted with Permadeath.
If an ally has the Freya’s Companion or Seidr’s Bounty passive apply Shroud to them for x turns and inflict x Perfect Bleeds on a random enemy for x turns at the start of every turn.
If an ally has the Skogvokter or Seidr’s Bounty passive apply Shroud to them for x turns and inflict x Perfect Bleeds on a random enemy for x turns at the start of every turn.
If an enemy has HP Drain active at the start of your turn, increase the duration of all negative effects on the target by x turn.
If an enemy has any Fear effects, inflict Perfect Stun on that enemy for x turns.
If an enemy is killed, Increase MAGIC for all allies for x turns.
If any of The Red Queen’s stats are reduced at the start of your turn, increase attack permanently by x% each turn.
If the enemy is killed Heal to full HP and gain +x% Fury, 12 Energy, and an Extra Turn.
If the enemy is suffering from Crave effects, including Silver and Innate effects, inflict Perfect Stun for x turns on a random enemy.
If the enemy is suffering from Stun effects, including Silver and Innate effects, inflict Perfect Crave for x turns on a random enemy.
If the target dies the attack Resets and triggers again, dealing true damage to all enemies.
If the target is killed, Revive a random ally with full health and instantly gain an Extra Turn.
If the target survives Remove All Negative and Beneficial Effects from both teams and deal Additional True Damage to each enemy for every effect removed.
Ignite increases physical damage taken.
Ignites enemy for x turns.
Immediately gain an Extra Turn.
Immortality status will automatically revive the target upon death.
Immune to Doom.
Immune to Magic Damage.
Immune to Passive Disable effects, including Silver and Innate effects.
Immune to Permadeath Effects.
Immune to Permadeath, Perfect Death, Doom, Dark Ghost, Apparition, Innate Permadeath and Max HP Reduction effects.
Immune to Physical Damage.
Immune to Punishment, Stop and Perfect Corruption.
Immune to Silver Effects.
Immune to Sleep and Perfect Sleep.
Immune to Stun and Reduce Max HP effects.
Immune to Stun, Blind, and Silence.
Immune to Stun, Blind, and Stop.
Immune to Stun, Perfect Stun, Permadeath, Perfect Death, Doom, Dark Ghost, Apparition and Innate Permadeath.
Immune to Stun.
Immune to True Damage and Burn Effects.
Immune to True Damage.
Immune to all Blind and Skill Disabling effects, including Silver and Innate effects.
Immune to all Heal Block and Max HP Reduction effects, including Silver and Innate effects.
Immune to all Negative Effects, except Crave, Perfect Crave, Heal Reduction, Heal Block and Perfect Heal Block.
Immune to all Negative Effects, except Time Bomb, Perfect Time Bomb, Taunt, Silence, Perfect Silence and Seal.
Immune to all Silence and Skill Disabling effects.
Immune to all Silver Effects.
Immune to all Stun and Sleep effects.
Immune to all damage from attacks and can only take damage from Burns and other damage over time effects.
Immune to all effects that inflict Stun, Silence, and Blind, including Golden and innate passive versions of these effects.
Immune to all negative and beneficial effects, including Silver and Golden effects, for the duration of battle.
Immune to all negative effects, including Max HP reduction.
Immunity to all Burn and Stat Reduction Effects.
Immunity to all Stun effects for self.
Increase ATK and DEF of all allies for x turns.
Increase ATK and MAGIC of all allies for x turns.
Increase ATK for x turns.
Increase ATK of all allies for x turns.
Increase ATK of allies for x turns if the enemy has a Shield.
Increase ATK of allies for x turns.
Increase ATK of allies.
Increase ATK of ally for x turns.
Increase Accuracy for self and up to x allies.
Increase Accuracy of all allies for x turns.
Increase Accuracy of allies for x turns.
Increase Beneficial Effect Duration by x turn and grant Echo for x turns to each ally if Ghost is active on them.
Increase Beneficial Effect Duration on all allies by 2.
Increase DEF and MR for x turns.
Increase DEF and MR of all allies for x turns.
Increase DEF and MR of allies for x turns.
Increase DEF for x turns.
Increase DEF of allies for x turns.
Increase Duration of all Magic Burns on enemies to infinite duration.
Increase Effect Duration of beneficial effects.
Increase MAGIC and MR of all allies for x turns.
Increase MAGIC for x turns.
Increase MAGIC of all allies for x turns.
Increase MAGIC of allies by x% and Decrease MAGIC of the target by x% permanently for the duration of battle.
Increase MAGIC of allies.
Increase MAGIC of ally for x turns.
Increase MAGIC of random ally for x turns.
Increase MAX HP and ATK by +50%, increased to x% if activated while below x% HP.
Increase MR for x turns.
Increase MR of allies for x turns.
Increase Magic Resistance of all allies for x turns.
Increase Max HP of all allies by x% for x turns.
Increase Max HP of self stat by +x% if the target has 4 or more buffs or debuffs active.
Increase Negative Effect Duration on each enemy by x turn at the start of your turn.
Increase Negative Effect Duration on the target by x turn if the target is inflicted with a Burn effect.
Increase Negative Effect Duration on the target by x turns.
Increase Power Generation of allies for x turns.
Increase Power or Fury.
Increase SPECIAL stat of all allies by x% Every Turn.
Increase Stats of allies for x turns.
Increase a Random Stat on each ally by x% for the duration of battle for every beneficial effect, excluding Perfect Immunity, that is removed.
Increase all stats on self by x% and Transform all Beneficial Effects on self into their Golden version at the start of your turn.
Increase the ATK and MAGIC of allies by x% and increase the Critical Hit Chance of all allies by x%.
Increase the Accuracy of all allies for x turns.
Increase the DEF and MR of all allies for x turns.
Increase the Duration of negative effects on the target by 1.
Increase the MAX HP of all allies by x% at the start of battle.
Increase the duration of beneficial effects by x turn at the start of battle.
Increase the duration of negative effects on all enemies by 2.
Increase the duration of negative effects on the enemy by x turns.
Increase the effectiveness of healing for all allies at the start of battle for x turns.
Increase the healing of all allies by +100%.
Increases ATK and Endure status for self and up to x additional allies.
Increases ATK for x turns.
Increases Accuracy for x turns.
Increases MAGIC for x turns.
Increases MAGIC of allies for x turns.
Increases MR of allies for x turns.
Inflict ATK Down and MAGIC down on all enemies for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflict ATK and DEF Down for x turns.
Inflict Accuracy Down on the target for x turns.
Inflict Bleed and Perfect Bleed on the target for the duration of battle.
Inflict Bleed and Seal on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Bleed on a random enemy for x turns.
Inflict Bleed, Grievous Burn, and Perfect Corruption for x turns.
Inflict Blind and Decrease ATK of all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Blind and Silence on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Blind and Timebomb on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Blind on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Blind on enemies for x turns.
Inflict Blind, Accuracy Down and Fear on each enemy for x turns if they are at x% HP or below.
Inflict Blinding Burn on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Blinding Burns on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Block Beneficial Effects for x turns.
Inflict Block Beneficial Effects on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Bloodlust and Bleed on the enemy for the duration of battle.
Inflict Bloodlust on all enemies for x turns and grant Critical Strike to all allies for x turns if the target is suffering from Bleed.
Inflict Bloodlust on the enemy for the duration of battle.
Inflict Bloodlust to each enemy for x turns if they have negative effects.
Inflict Bloodlust, Cleave, and HP Drain on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Bloodlust, HP Drain and Perfect Crave for x turns.
Inflict Cleave and Curse on the target for the duration of battle.
Inflict Cleave and Exhaust on the target for x turns.
Inflict Cleave on all enemies for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflict Cleave on all enemies for x turns before dealing damage.
Inflict Cleave on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Cleave on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Cleave on the target for x turns.
Inflict Cleave or Crave on each enemy for x turns when you take damage.
Inflict Crave and Heal Reduction on the target for x turns.
Inflict Crave for x turns.
Inflict Crave on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Crave on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Crave on the enemy for x turns.
Inflict Crave or Perfect Crave on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Crave, Blinding Burn, and Perfect Accuracy Down on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Crave, Perfect Corruption, and Perfect Death on the target for the duration of battle.
Inflict Curse for x turns before damage.
Inflict Curse on all enemies 3 turns.
Inflict Curse on the target for x turns.
Inflict Curse, Attack Down and Magic Down on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Curse, DEF Down, and Exhaust on the target for x turns.
Inflict Curse, Smite, or Ignite on each enemy for x turns. x% Chance for an Extra Turn.
Inflict Dark Ghost for x turns on any enemy inflicted with Accuracy Down effects.
Inflict Dark Ghost on a random enemy for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflict Dark Ghost on a random enemy for x turns.
Inflict Dark Ghost on all enemies for x turns if the target has Reduced Max HP.
Inflict Dark Ghost on the target for x turns.
Inflict Defense Down, Accuracy Down and Stun on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Doom and Perfect Stun on all enemies for x turns upon death.
Inflict Doom for x turns.
Inflict Doom on each enemy already inflicted with Bloodlust for x turns.
Inflict Doom on each enemy for x turns if they are suffering from Punishment.
Inflict Doom on enemies for x turns.
Inflict Doom on the enemy for x turns if Passive Disable, Perfect Disable, Crave, or Perfect Crave is present on them.
Inflict Doom on the target for x turns if they are suffering from Stun, Sleep, Heal Reduction or Heal Block effects, including Silver and Innate effects, before dealing damage.
Inflict Exhaust for x turns on each enemy.
Inflict Exhaust for x turns on enemies that are frozen, and grant Accuracy Up for x turns to a random ally for each frozen enemy.
Inflict Exhaust on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Exhaust on each enemy for x turns if they are at x% HP or below.
Inflict Exhaust on each enemy suffering from Sleep or Perfect Sleep for x turns at the start of your turn.
Inflict Exhaust on the target for x turns.
Inflict Exhaust, Smite and Passive Disable on the target for x turns if they have Reduced Max HP.
Inflict Fear and Perfect Sleep on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Fear and Sleep for x turns.
Inflict Fear for x turns.
Inflict Fear on the target for x turns.
Inflict Flame and Bleed on the target for x turns.
Inflict Flame and Ignite on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Flame on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Flame on both targets for x turns.
Inflict Flame on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Freeze and 4 Marks on a random enemy for x turns at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Inflict Freeze for x turns, Passive Disable for the duration of battle, and deal additional magic damage equal to x% of the target’s MAX HP each action you take if they have the flame effects on them.
Inflict Freeze on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Freeze on the target 2 turns.
Inflict Grievous Burn and Ignite on the target for x turns.
Inflict HP Drain on all enemies for the duration of battle.
Inflict HP Drain on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict HP Drain on enemies for x turns.
Inflict HP Drain, Bloodlust, and Crave on all enemies for the duration of battle.
Inflict Heal Block on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Heal Block on the target for x turns.
Inflict Heal Block, Perfect Corruption and Scalding Burn on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Ignite and Grievous Burns on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Ignite and Heal Block on the target for x turns.
Inflict Ignite on all enemies for x turns before dealing damage.
Inflict Ignite on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Ignite on each enemy for x turns if they are suffering from 3 or more Burn effects.
Inflict Lower DEF and Lower ATK on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict MAGIC Down and MR Down on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict MR Down and Perfect Accuracy Down on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Magic Burn and Bleed on the target for x turns.
Inflict Magic Burn for x turns.
Inflict Magic Burn on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Mark, Permadeath, and Curse for x turns.
Inflict Passive Disable and Crave on the target for x turns.
Inflict Passive Disable and Perfect Corruption on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Passive Disable on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Passive Disable on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Passive Disable on the enemy for x turns.
Inflict Passive Disable on up to x random enemies for x turns.
Inflict Passive Disable or Perfect Disable on each enemy at the start of battle for the duration of battle.
Inflict Passive Disable, Permadeath and Curse on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Passive or Perfect Disable on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Accuracy Down and 2 Furious Burns on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Accuracy Down and Exhaust on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Accuracy Down and Punishment on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Accuracy Down on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Accuracy Down on each enemy for the duration of battle.
Inflict Perfect Accuracy Down on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Bleed and Perfect Disable on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Bleed for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Bleed on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Bleed on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Blind on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Blind on up to x enemies for x turns when you take damage.
Inflict Perfect Blind, Seal, Silence and Bleed on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Corruption and Perfect Disable on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Corruption and Silence for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Corruption and Stop to the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Corruption for x turns if a Burn effect is present on the target.
Inflict Perfect Corruption for x turns on the target.
Inflict Perfect Corruption for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Corruption on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Corruption on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Corruption on up to x enemies for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflict Perfect Crave and Perfect Silence on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Crave on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Death and 3 Perfect Bleeds on all enemies for x turns before dealing damage.
Inflict Perfect Death and Perfect Heal Block on each enemy if they suffer from MAX HP reduction effects.
Inflict Perfect Death for x turns
Inflict Perfect Death for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Death on all enemies for the duration of battle.
Inflict Perfect Death on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Death on attacking enemies for x turns whenever you are attacked.
Inflict Perfect Death on enemies for x turns, before dealing damage.
Inflict Perfect Disable and Perfect Bleed on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Disable and Perfect Corruption on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Disable for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Disable on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Disable on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Disable on up to x random enemies for x turns every turn.
Inflict Perfect Heal Block for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Heal Block on the enemy for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Heal Block on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Silence and Stop on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Silence on all enemies for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflict Perfect Silence on all enemies with a x% Chance to gain an Extra Turn when attacking any enemy inflicted with Smite or Ignite.
Inflict Perfect Silence on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Sleep on all enemies and allies, excluding self, for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Stun for x turns on each enemy currently Marked and grant Golden Hit to each ally for the duration of battle.
Inflict Perfect Time Bomb for x turns if no Time Bomb is present on the target at the start of your turn.
Inflict Perfect Time Bomb on all enemies for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflict Permadeath and Block Beneficial Effects on the target for the duration of battle.
Inflict Permadeath for x turns.
Inflict Permadeath on all enemies for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflict Permadeath on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Permadeath, Smite, Ignite and 3 Marks on all enemies for the duration of battle.
Inflict Punish and Perfect Heal Block on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Punishment and Bleed on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Punishment for x turns.
Inflict Punishment on all enemies for the duration of battle and gain an Extra Turn if your HP is x% or lower.
Inflict Punishment on all enemies for the duration of battle if an effect was removed this way.
Inflict Punishment on all enemies for the duration of battle.
Inflict Punishment on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Punishment on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Punishment, Defense Down and MR Down on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Random Burn Effects on all enemies after every action.
Inflict Seal for x turns.
Inflict Seal on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Seal on the enemy for x turns.
Inflict Seal, Flame, Exhaust, or Doom on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Shock and Permadeath on the target for the duration of battle.
Inflict Shock, Perfect Stun, Perfect Corruption, and Fear on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Silence and Defense Down on each enemy that lacks Silver Effects for x turns after every action.
Inflict Silence and Seal on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Silence and Seal on any enemy inflicted with Accuracy Down effects for the duration of battle.
Inflict Silence on self and Perfect Silence on up to x random enemies for the first 2 turns of battle.
Inflict Silence, Accuracy Down, or Seal on each enemy for x turns per hit.
Inflict Silence, Blind, or Mark on the target for x turns
Inflict Sleep and Fear on each enemy for x turns if they are at x% HP or below.
Inflict Sleep on 2 random enemies if Regen HP status is present at the start of your turn.
Inflict Sleep on a random enemy for x turns.
Inflict Sleep on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Sleep on the target for x turns if Seal is present on the enemy.
Inflict Smite and Ignite on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Smite and Ignite on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Smite, Ignite and Blinding Burn on all allies and enemies for x turns.
Inflict Smite, Ignite, and Curse on the target for x turns.
Inflict Smite, Perfect Silence, and Permadeath on the target for x turns.
Inflict Stop and Blind on the target for x turns.
Inflict Stop and Bloodlust on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Stop and Permadeath on all enemies for the duration of battle.
Inflict Stop and Seal on enemies for x turns.
Inflict Stop and Shock for x turns.
Inflict Stop on a random enemy for x turns every turn.
Inflict Stop on the target for x turns.
Inflict Stop to all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Stun and Cleave on the target for x turns.
Inflict Stun and Passive Disable for x turns on any enemy inflicted with Accuracy Down effects.
Inflict Stun for x turns.
Inflict Stun on the target and self for x turns.
Inflict Stun on the target for x turns if their HP is below 50%.
Inflict Stun, Silence, or Curse on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Taunt and Curse on the target for x turns.
Inflict Taunt on all enemies for x turns at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Inflict Taunt on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Taunt on each enemy below x% HP for x turns.
Inflict Taunt on target enemy for the remainder of battle.
Inflict Taunt on the target for x turns.
Inflict Time Bomb for x turns on each enemy.
Inflict Time Bomb on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Time Bomb on self or the target for x turns per hit.
Inflict Time Bomb on the target for x turns.
Inflict Toxic Burn on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Toxic Burn, Perfect Death, and Bleed on the target for x turns.
Inflict True Burn on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Unblockable Sleep on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Unblockable Sleep on random enemy 2 turns.
Inflict Unblockable Sleep on the target for x turns. This effect does not apply to bosses and can be blocked by effects that specifically grant immunity to Sleep.
Inflict a Physical, Magic, and True Burn on each enemy for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflict a Random Burn effect for a random duration per hit
Inflict a Random Negative Effect for each beneficial effect on each enemy.
Inflict a Random Negative Effect for x turns for each beneficial effect still on the target.
Inflict a Time Bomb for every negative effect currently on each enemy.
Inflict a Time Bomb for x turns if there is no Time Bomb currently on the target.
Inflict a random Silver effect on all enemies for x turns for each Mark on each enemy before dealing damage.
Inflict a random burn on each enemy for x turns at the start of your turn after the first round of battle.
Inflict a random negative effect on a random enemy for x turns and reduce their Max HP by x% at the start of your turn.
Inflict a random negative effect on the enemy when you take damage.
Inflict a random negative effect on up to x random enemies every turn for x turns.
Inflict a random number and type of Burn effects on each enemy for a random number of turns.
Inflict up to x Marks and 3 Perfect Bleeds on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict up to x Marks on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict up to x Random Silver Effects, excluding Dark Ghost, on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict up to x Toxic Burns, Flames, Furious Burns, Physical Burns, and Magic Burns on all enemies for the duration of battle.
Inflict x hits of physical damage based on your MAX HP, which will not wake targets inflicted with sleep, to each enemy that has Accuracy Down effects present.
Inflict x hits of true damage on a single-target.
Inflicts 1 Mark on the target for every x% of their HP missing.
Inflicts 2 Magic Burns for x turns.
Inflicts 2 Toxic Burns on all enemies for x turns.
Inflicts 3 Physical Burns for x turns.
Inflicts 3 Toxic Burns on all enemies for x turns.
Inflicts 3 stacks of Fear on enemies for x turns.
Inflicts Additional True Damage for every damage over time effect on the target.
Inflicts Bleed on the enemy for x turns.
Inflicts Bloodlust for x turns on all enemies.
Inflicts Bloodlust on all enemies for x turns.
Inflicts Curse for x turns on enemies inflicted with Bleed at the start of your turn.
Inflicts Doom on the target if they are currently Sealed.
Inflicts Doom, Silence or Block Beneficial Effects on targeted enemies for x turns.
Inflicts Fear on all enemies for x turns.
Inflicts Furious Burn on all enemies for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflicts Grievous Burn for x turns.
Inflicts Heal Block for x turns.
Inflicts Heal Block on all enemies for x turns.
Inflicts Heal Block on enemies for x turns.
Inflicts Lower Power Generation for x turns.
Inflicts Magic Burn for x turns.
Inflicts Magic Burn on enemies for x turns.
Inflicts Passive Disable on all enemies on the first turn.
Inflicts Perfect Corruption for x turns.
Inflicts Perfect Silence on self for x turns.
Inflicts Perfect Silence, Flame, Exhaust, or Crave on each enemy for x turns.
Inflicts Permadeath for x turns.
Inflicts Permadeath on targets with Immortality, Endure, or Ghost effects.
Inflicts Physical, Magic, and True Burn on all enemies for x turns.
Inflicts Random Negative Effects on random enemies.
Inflicts Scalding Burns for x turns.
Inflicts Silence and Seal on all enemies for x turns.
Inflicts Silence on enemies at the start of battle for x turns.
Inflicts Stop and Seal on a random enemy every turn for x turns.
Inflicts additional Marks for every Mark on each target.
Inflicts all enemies with a Mark at the start of battle.
Inflicts enemies with Crave status for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflicts two instances of Fear on random enemies for x turns, every turn.
Inflicts up to x Bleeds for x turns.
Inflicts up to x Physical Burns on random enemies every turn.
Inflicts up to x Physical Burns.
Inflicts up to x Random Negative Effects on all enemies.
Inflicts up to x Shock effects on all enemies for x turns.
Instantly Gain 1x Power.
Instantly Gain an Extra Turn.
Instantly Gain x Power.
Instantly Kill the target if they have Ghost or Dark Ghost active.
Instantly Revive Self with x% HP upon death.
Instantly gain an Extra Turn
Instantly gain an Extra Turn if an effect is transformed.
Instantly gain an Extra Turn if the target’s HP is below 50%.
Instantly gain an Extra Turn.
Instantly grant an Extra Turn to all allies.
Instantly grant an Extra Turn to self and a random ally.
Instantly grant an Extra Turn to self and a target ally.
Instantly grant an Extra Turn to self and one random ally for each target that is suffering from Heal Block.
Instantly grant an Extra Turn to self and revived ally.
Invincibility for x turns.
Lifesteal heals you for x% of the physical damage you deal.
Lower ATK and DEF of all enemies for x turns.
Lower ATK and MAGIC of all enemies for x turns.
Lower ATK and MAGIC of each enemy for x turns.
Lower ATK and MAGIC of enemies for x turns.
Lower ATK and MAGIC of the target for x turns.
Lower ATK of the enemy for x turns.
Lower Accuracy for x turns.
Lower Accuracy of all enemies for x turns.
Lower Accuracy of each enemy for x turns.
Lower Accuracy of enemies for x turns.
Lower Accuracy of enemy and increase your own for x turns.
Lower Beneficial Effect Duration by x turns.
Lower DEF and MR of all enemies for x turns.
Lower DEF and MR of enemies for x turns.
Lower DEF and MR of the target for x turns.
Lower DEF of all enemies for x turns.
Lower DEF of enemy for x turns.
Lower DEF of the target by x% per hit.
Lower Fury Generation of enemies for x turns.
Lower MAGIC of enemies for x turns.
Lower Power Generation for x turns.
Lower enemy MR for x turns before dealing damage.
Lowers ATK and MAGIC of the target for the duration of the battle.
Lowers Accuracy of enemies for x turns.
Lowers All Stats of enemies.
Lowers DEF of all enemies.
Lowers DEF of enemy for x turns.
Lowers MR for x turns.
Lowers the Accuracy of enemies for x turns at the start of battle.
Magic Burn deals magic damage over time to targets.
Magic Charge increases the damage of the next magic attack by x%.
Marks all enemies.
Marks can be consumed with Perfect Hits to deal Additional True Damage.
Marks can be consumed with Perfect Hits to deal additional true damage.
Marks can be consumed with Perfect Hits to deal true damage.
Marks the target for x turns.
Marks, Curses, and Permadeaths a random enemy for x turns at the start of each turn.
No restrictions on Equippable Talismans.
Once per battle, Revive with full HP and deal x hits of Additional Random Damage to each enemy based on your MAX HP and their MISSING HP upon death.
Once per battle, Revive with full HP and grant Immortality or Endure to all allies for x turns and inflict Perfect Heal Block and Perfect Death to all enemies for x turns upon death.
Once per battle, Revive with full HP and grant all allies Ascension for x turns upon death.
Once per battle, Revive with full HP and inflict Fear and Punishment on all enemies for the duration of battle upon death.
Once per turn, the first action that each ally takes deals x% increased damage until they die. Deal x hits of physical damage to random enemies that increases based on your Current HP. Remove all beneficial effects, including golden effects from all enemies before dealing damage. Increase the duration of negative effects on all enemies by 2. Inflict Bloodlust to each enemy for x turns if any negative effects are on any enemy. Decrease the duration of negative effects on all allies by 2. Grant Echo to each ally for x turns if they have no negative effects.
Perfect Corruption blocks all beneficial effects and cannot be cleansed or transferred.
Perfect Hit causes all basic attacks to always land with a Perfect score.
Perfect Hit status guarantees a perfect hit on basic attacks.
Perfect Immunity blocks all harmful effects and prevents beneficial effects from being removed.
Permadeath all enemies for x turns.
Permadeath prevents the target from being revived if they die.
Permanently Decrease Max HP, ATK, and DEF of enemies by x% and increase the same stats on self by x%.
Permanently Increase ATK and DEF on all allies by x% and inflict Curse and Fear on all enemies for x turns if any enemy is at x% HP or below.
Permanently Increase ATK and MAGIC of self by x%.
Permanently Increase ATK and MAGIC on self by x%, before dealing damage, when attacking Odin.
Permanently Increase ATK, MAGIC and MAX HP on self by +x% for each Negative Effect on self at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Permanently Increase All Stats on all allies by +x% and Decrease All Stats on all enemies by -x% at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Permanently Increase All Stats on self by x% whenever an ally is killed for the first time in battle.
Permanently Increase All Stats, including Max HP, on self and the target by +25%.
Permanently Increase Critical Strike Chance on all allies by +x% and grant them Innate Class Advantage until they die if this ability kills the target.
Permanently Increase DEF by x%.
Permanently Increase MAX HP of all allies by x% if your are inflicted with Decreased MAX HP.
Permanently Increase MAX HP of the caster by x%.
Permanently Increase MAX HP, DEF, and MR or all allies by x%.
Permanently Increase Max HP of all allies by x% if the target has Increased Max HP or Perfect Health active.
Permanently Increase Max HP on self by +100%.
Permanently Increase SPECIAL stat of all allies by x%.
Permanently Increase the MAX HP of all allies by x% when you are healed.
Permanently Lower a Random Stat on the enemy by x% per hit.
Permanently Reduce All Stats of each enemy by -x% until they die.
Permanently Reduce All Stats on all enemies by x%.
Permanently Reduce DEF and MR on all enemies by -x% at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Permanently Reduce DEF and MR on the target by -x% before dealing damage.
Permanently Reduce Max HP on the target by x%.
Permanently increase ATK by x% when you take damage.
Permanently increase the ATK and MAGIC of each ally by x% after each action.
Permanently increase the SPECIAL and ATK stat of all allies by x%. Instantly gain an Extra Turn.
Permanently reduce MAX HP by -70%.
Physical Charge doubles the damage of the next physical damage ability used.
Physical Charge increases the damage of the next physical attack by x%.
Place a Mark of Diablo on a random enemy at the start of your turn that prevents the target from reviving, gaining beneficial effects, and causes them to take additional random damage equal to x% of their MAX HP when they take damage.
Places a Time Bomb on the target for x turns.
Power Shield reduces damage and grants x Power for each hit taken.
Prevent Enemies from taking Extra Turns.
Prevent all allies from taking damage for the first two round of battle.
Prevent all enemies from gaining Immunity effects.
Prevent all enemies from healing until they die whenever this passive becomes active and at the start of your turn.
Prevent allies from dying once each round and grants them Endure for x turns when they reach 1 HP.
Prevent enemies from gaining Physical, Magic, and True Damage Block, Perfect Heal Shield, and Vanish effects.
Prevent enemies from gaining any new beneficial effects after the first round of battle.
Prevent enemies from taking Extra Turns.
Prevent enemies from using Power or Fury Skills for the first round of battle.
Raise ATK and DEF of all allies for x turns at the start of battle.
Raise DEF and MR of all allies for x turns at the start of battle.
Raise MAGIC and MR of all allies for x turns at the start of battle.
Raises All Stats of allies.
Raises the ATK of all allies at the start of battle.
Randomly grant Physical, Magic, or True Block to each ally for x turns.
Randomly inflict Freeze, Accuracy Down, or Seal on each enemy for every instance of Magic Burn present on the enemy team.
Randomly removes all beneficial effects, including Golden Effects, and Seals an enemy’s ability every turn for x turns.
Reactivate your passive if disabled before dealing damage.
Reduce Beneficial Effect Duration by x on all enemies at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Reduce Beneficial Effect Duration on all enemies by x turn.
Reduce Damage Taken by x%, but deal random damage to each ally equal to x% of their MAX HP when hit.
Reduce Duration of Beneficial Effects by x turn.
Reduce Duration of Beneficial Effects on all enemies by 2.
Reduce Duration of Beneficial Effects on enemies by x turn.
Reduce Duration of Beneficial Effects on the target by x turns.
Reduce Duration of Negative Effects.
Reduce Duration of negative effects on all allies by x turn.
Reduce Enemy Fury by x% if their Fury is not maxed.
Reduce Healing for x turns.
Reduce Healing on each enemy by x% until they die at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Reduce Healing on enemies for x turns.
Reduce Innate Accuracy on all enemies by x% until they die.
Reduce Innate Accuracy on the target by -x% until they die if you or the target are suffering from Blind effects, including Silver and Innate effects, or if they have Labyrinth Talismans active.
Reduce Magic Damage.
Reduce Max HP of the enemy by x% each hit.
Reduce Physical Damage.
Reduce Power and Fury of your opponent to zero and prevent them from generating Power and Fury for x turns. Fury that is already fully charged cannot be reduced.
Reduce SPECIAL stat of all enemies to zero.
Reduce all damage by x%.
Reduce all damage taken by x% and return x% of it at the start of each round back to each enemy as random damage.
Reduce all damage taken by x% for x turns if Time Bomb effects are not active on self at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Reduce all damage to self by x%.
Reduce damage allies take by x% and reflect x% of damage received by any ally back to all enemies.
Reduce damage taken by x% and Reflect x% of the remaining damage back as random damage and inflict a random negative effect for x turns on each enemy when you take damage.
Reduce damage taken by x%.
Reduce the MAX HP of enemies by x%.
Reduce the MAX HP of the target by x%.
Reduce the Max HP of all enemies by x% at the start of the battle
Reduce the Max HP of enemies by x%.
Reduce the damage all allies take by x%.
Reduce the healing of enemies by x%
Reduce the trigger chance of all enemy skill effects that are not x% by x%.
Reduces all damage taken by x% for self.
Reduces the Max HP of the enemy by x% if you currently have the Trap status effect active.
Reduces the Max HP of the target by x%.
Reduces the damage all allies take by x%.
Reduces the duration of beneficial effects every turn.
Reflect Shield reduces damage by x% and reflects a percentage of damage taken back as true damage to all enemies.
Reflects x% of damage back to the target.
Remove 1 Golden Effect from all enemies.
Remove 2 random beneficial and golden effects from all enemies when you take damage.
Remove 4 Negative Effects, including Silver effects, from self.
Remove All Beneficial Effects from a single target.
Remove All Beneficial Effects from all enemies and inflict Doom for x turns if any beneficial effects are removed.
Remove All Beneficial Effects from enemies
Remove All Beneficial Effects from the target.
Remove All Beneficial Effects including Golden Effects, except Perfect Health, Shroud, and Soul Protect, if the target’s HP is less than 60%.
Remove All Beneficial Effects including Golden Effects, except Shroud, Perfect Immortality, and Soul Protect.
Remove All Beneficial Effects including Golden effects and Innate Damage Reduction effects, Force Shield and Titan Shield effects on enemies before damage.
Remove All Beneficial Effects including Golden effects from enemy and deal x% of their MISSING HP as damage per effect removed this way.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects and inflict Doom for x turns.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects from the target.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects if you have Perfect Hit active when you attack.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects minus Shroud, Soul Protect, and Perfect Immortality.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects, and Disable Starfire, Trooper, and Labyrinth Talismans before dealing damage to the target.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects, from all enemies.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects, from up to two random enemies and inflict Perfect Corruption for the duration of battle.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects, minus Shroud, Perfect Immortality, and Soul Protect, from each enemy.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden effects from all enemies.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden effects, Permanently Reduce All Stats by x% and inflict Passive Disable and Fear on all enemies for x turns whenever each enemy is killed for the first time in battle.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden effects, and Inflict Perfect Corruption and Seal for x turns on all enemies at the start of battle.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden effects, and inflict Bloodlust and HP Drain for x turns if the target is suffering from any Bleed effect.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden effects, and inflict Passive Disable and Permadeath on the target for x turns before dealing damage.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden effects, and inflict x Marks on all enemies for x turns.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden effects, before dealing damage. Heal self for x% of your MAX HP for each effect removed.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden effects, from all enemies and Transfer All Negative Effects, including Silver effects, from self to each enemy before dealing damage. Heal each ally for x% of their MAX HP if a negative effect was removed this way.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden effects, from all enemies before dealing damage.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden effects, from all enemies.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden effects, from the target before dealing damage.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden effects, inflict Passive Disable and grant Immortality on the target for x turns before dealing damage.
Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden effects, on each enemy that lacks Silver Effects.
Remove All Beneficial and Negative Effects (including Gold and Silver) on all enemies and all allies.
Remove All Beneficial and Negative Effects from a random enemy and turn them into an Apparition. The Apparition cannot gain beneficial or negative effects and will permanently die within 1 turn. If the Apparition is killed before then, all allies will be revived, granted Perfect Immunity, and +x% increase in all stats for x turns. This effect does not apply to bosses.
Remove All Beneficial and Negative Effects from all allies and enemies whenever this passive becomes active and inflict Innate Passive Disable on all enemies until they die if this effect removes at least 4 Beneficial Effects from your opponent.
Remove All Beneficial and Negative Effects, including Golden and Silver effects, from all allies and enemies.
Remove All Beneficial effects, including Golden Effects and inflict Dark Ghost for x turns and Furious Burn for x turns on all enemies when you die.
Remove All Beneficial, including Golden effects, from a random enemy at the start of your turn.
Remove All Burn Effects from enemies and Reduce their Power by x and Fury by x% for each burn effect removed.
Remove All Damage Invulnerability Shields from all enemies before dealing damage.
Remove All Damage Type Invulnerability Effects from all enemies.
Remove All Freeze Effects from enemies and deal Additional Magic Damage based on the enemy’s MAX HP to each enemy if a Freeze effect is removed.
Remove All Golden Effects and inflict x Marks and Perfect Death on the target for x turns if Perfect Bleed is already on present on the target.
Remove All Golden Effects from all enemies before dealing damage.
Remove All Golden Effects from all enemies if any enemy is suffering from Cleave after every action.
Remove All Golden Effects from all enemies if the target has Reduced Max HP.
Remove All Golden Effects from each enemy, before dealing damage.
Remove All Golden Effects from each enemy.
Remove All Golden Effects from the enemy, excluding Shroud, Soul Protect, and Perfect Immortality.
Remove All Golden Effects on the enemy, excluding Shroud, Perfect Immortality, and Soul Protect.
Remove All Golden Effects, except Perfect Health, Shroud, and Soul Protect.
Remove All Immunity Effects, including Perfect Immunity, and inflict Heal Block and Block Beneficial Effects on the target for x turns before dealing damage.
Remove All Immunity Effects, including Vanish and Perfect Immunity from the target.
Remove All Immunity Effects, including Vanish from all enemies.
Remove All Immunity and Invincibility effects, including Vanish, Damage Block, and Perfect Heal Shields, and inflict x Marks on all enemies for each enemy that is at Full HP.
Remove All Immunity effects on all enemies, including Vanish.
Remove All Immunity effects, including Perfect Immunity and Vanish.
Remove All Immunity effects, including Vanish and Perfect Immunity from the target.
Remove All Immunity effects, including Vanish and Perfect Immunity, and inflict Curse and Punishment on up to x random enemies for x turns.
Remove All Immunity effects, including Vanish and Perfect Immunity, from the target.
Remove All Immunity effects, including Vanish and Perfect Immunity.
Remove All Immunity effects, including Vanish.
Remove All Immunity, including Perfect Immunity, from the target.
Remove All Immunity, including Vanish and Perfect Immunity and Damage Block effects on targets before dealing damage.
Remove All Increased Stat and Critical Strike Chance effects, including Golden and Innate effects, from the target. This effect cannot remove default Stat Increase effects from Bespoke Cosmic Talismans and does not apply to bosses.
Remove All Negative Effects from all allies.
Remove All Negative Effects from allies, including Silver Effects.
Remove All Negative Effects, Including Silver Effects from all allies.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver Effects and Innate versions of Crave, Heal Reduction and Heal Block, from all allies.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver Effects and Innate versions of Stun, Freeze, Sleep and Taunt, from all allies and inflict Curse on all enemies for x turns if you are Stunned, Frozen, Sleeping, or Taunted at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver Effects from all allies.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver Effects from self.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver Effects, and grant Perfect Hit, Charge, Lifesteal and Spell Vamp to each ally below x% HP for x turns at the start of your turn.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver Effects, from a random ally.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver Effects, from each ally and grant 1 stack of HP Regen for x turns for each effect removed.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver Effects, from each ally.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver Effects, from self and Heal all allies based on your MAX HP for each effect removed.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver effects from all allies.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver effects, and Heal self for x% of your MAX HP for each effect removed.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver effects, from all allies and Revive a random ally with full HP and Ascension for x turns if the target is killed.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver effects, from all allies and grant them Ascension and Magic Penetration for x turns.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver effects, from all allies.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver effects, from each ally and Heal them for x% of their Max HP for each effect removed at the start of your turn.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver effects, from self and Gain x Power and Ascension for x turns if any enemy is suffering from negative effects after every action.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver effects, from self and a target ally.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver effects, from self and up to x random allies.
Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver effects, from self.
Remove All Negative Effects. including Silver and Unblockable effects, from all allies.
Remove All Offensive Effects from the target, including Golden Effects.
Remove All Offensive Effects from the target.
Remove All Shield and Damage Block Effects.
Remove All Shield effects from each enemy.
Remove All Shields before dealing damage.
Remove All Shields from the target.
Remove All Stat Increase effects from all enemies before damage.
Remove All Stat Reduction effects from self and all allies.
Remove Beneficial Effects and inflict Block Beneficial Effects on the target if Armor or Magic Penetration is currently active on you.
Remove Beneficial Effects and inflict Perfect Death and Curse on all enemies for x turns upon death.
Remove Beneficial Effects from all enemies.
Remove Beneficial Effects from up to x random enemies.
Remove Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects from all enemies and inflict Perfect Sleep, Perfect Crave, and Perfect Death on all enemies for the duration of battle upon death.
Remove Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects from all enemies.
Remove Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects if the target is suffering from Bleed.
Remove Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects.
Remove Blizzard Shield from self and gain Magic Penetration and Magic Charge for x turns if the shield was successfully removed.
Remove Counter Attack and Immunity effects, including Vanish, from each enemy before dealing damage.
Remove Counterstrike and Revenge effects from all enemies.
Remove Crave and Perfect Crave from all allies.
Remove Crave effects from all allies and Heal all allies by x% of their Max HP for every instance of Immunity or Perfect Immunity present on the enemy team.
Remove Crave, Heal Block, and Heal Reduction effects, including silver effects, from all allies at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Remove Crave, Permadeath, Heal Block, and Heal Reduction effects from allies and Heal them for x% of your MAX HP for each effect removed.
Remove Curse and Perfect Corruption effects from allies.
Remove Damage Invulnerability Effects, including Vanish and Invincibility, before dealing damage to all enemies.
Remove Damage Invulnerability Effects, including Vanish and Invincibility, from the target.
Remove Damage Invulnerability effects from the target, grant Physical, Magic, and True Block to self, and inflict Perfect Corruption for the duration of battle if an effect is stolen.
Remove Damage Invulnerability effects from the target.
Remove Dark Ghost from all allies.
Remove Doom and Dark Ghost from all allies.
Remove Doom from all allies.
Remove Doom, Perfect Disable, and Perfect Death from all allies.
Remove Endure and Ghost effects on the target.
Remove Endure effects on enemies.
Remove Endure, Invincibility, Perfect Heal Shield, and Ghost effects.
Remove Exhaust and Permadeath from all allies.
Remove Ghost and Regen from enemies.
Remove Golden Effects and inflict Perfect Heal Block for x turns.
Remove Golden Effects from all enemies.
Remove Golden Effects from enemies, excluding Shroud, Soul Protect, and Perfect Immortality.
Remove Golden Effects, minus Shroud, Perfect Immortality, and Soul Protect, and apply Perfect Corruption to all enemies for x turns on death.
Remove Golden Effects, minus Shroud, Perfect Immortality, and Soul Protect.
Remove Immortality and Perfect Immortality from the target before dealing damage.
Remove Immortality and Perfect Immortality from the target.
Remove Immortality, Perfect Immortality, and Endure from all enemies.
Remove Immunity Effects, including Vanish and Perfect Immunity, and inflict Silence and Perfect Corruption on any enemy below x% HP for the duration of battle after you take an action.
Remove Immunity and Damage Block effects on targets and inflict Curse for x turns before dealing damage if negative effects are present on self.
Remove Immunity and Damage Block effects on the target and grant Thorn Shield to all allies for x turns before dealing damage if negative effects are present on self.
Remove Immunity and Damage Block effects on the target and inflict Blind for x turns before dealing damage if negative effects are present on self.
Remove Immunity and Damage Block effects on the target and inflict Crave and Punishment on all enemies before dealing damage if negative effects are present on self.
Remove Immunity and Damage Block effects on the target and inflict Perfect Death for x turns before dealing damage if negative effects are present on self.
Remove Immunity and Damage Block effects on the target before dealing damage and grant Perfect Accuracy Up to all allies for x turns if negative effects are present on self.
Remove Immunity and Golden Shield Effects on a random target at the start of your turn.
Remove Immunity and Inflict Perfect Bleed and Taunt on each enemy for x turns.
Remove Immunity and Invincibility effects, including Perfect Immunity and Vanish from all enemies.
Remove Immunity and Invincibility effects, including Perfect Immunity and Vanish, before dealing damage.
Remove Immunity and Invincibility effects, including Vanish.
Remove Immunity and Perfect Immunity and inflict Exhaust on up to x random enemies at the start of your turn after the first round of battle.
Remove Immunity and Perfect Immunity and inflict x Marks for x turns on any target with the Labyrinth or Viper Talisman set equipped every turn.
Remove Immunity and Perfect Immunity from all enemies and inflict Fear on all enemies for x turns if Fear is already active on the target.
Remove Immunity and Perfect Immunity from all enemies and inflict Perfect Stun on them for x turns if the target has Reduced Max HP.
Remove Immunity and Perfect Immunity from all enemies.
Remove Immunity and Perfect Immunity from the target.
Remove Immunity and Perfect Immunity from up to x enemies every turn.
Remove Immunity and Perfect Immunity.
Remove Immunity and Vanish Effects, including Golden effects.
Remove Immunity and Vanish from all enemies.
Remove Immunity and Vanish from the target before dealing damage.
Remove Immunity and inflict Freeze on a random enemy for x turns at the start of your turn every turn.
Remove Immunity and inflict up to x Marks for x turns on each enemy.
Remove Immunity effects from enemies, including Perfect Immunity and Vanish.
Remove Immunity effects from enemies..
Remove Immunity effects from the target.
Remove Immunity effects, including Perfect Immunity and Vanish.
Remove Immunity from all enemies and inflict Sleep for x turns if Magic Penetration is active at the start of your turn.
Remove Immunity from all enemies.
Remove Immunity from the enemy.
Remove Immunity from the target.
Remove Immunity with a x% Chance to Remove Perfect Immunity.
Remove Immunity, Invincibility and Vanish from the target before dealing damage.
Remove Immunity, Perfect Immunity and Vanish from all enemies.
Remove Increased Max HP and Perfect Health from all enemies at the start of battle.
Remove Invicibility, Magic Block and Magic Damage Immunity before dealing damage.
Remove Invincibility Effects, including Vanish.
Remove Invincibility and Damage Block effects from all enemies.
Remove Invincibility and Heal each ally for x% of their Max HP for every Invincibility effect removed.
Remove Invincibility and Physical, Magic, and True Damage Invulnerability effects before dealing damage.
Remove Invincibility and Vanish effects at the start of battle.
Remove Invincibility and Vanish effects, before dealing damage.
Remove Invincibility effects on the enemy.
Remove Invincibility, Vanish and Perfect Vanish from the target before dealing damage.
Remove Invincibility, Vanish and Perfect Vanish.
Remove Magic Burns from all allies.
Remove Magma Shield from self and Increase DEF and MR by +x% if the shield was successfully removed.
Remove Negative Effects from all allies, including Silver Effects.
Remove Negative Effects from all allies.
Remove Negative Effects from an ally.
Remove Negative Effects from each ally.
Remove Negative Effects from self and a random ally.
Remove Negative Effects from self.
Remove Negative Effects from target ally.
Remove Negative Effects, including Silver Effects from all allies if Bleed or Perfect Bleed is present on any enemy at the start of your turn.
Remove Negative Effects, including Silver Effects from all allies.
Remove Negative Effects, including Silver Effects, and grant an Extra Turn to each ally inflicted with Perfect Disable or Passive Disable.
Remove Negative Effects, including Silver Effects, from all allies on Perfect Hits.
Remove Negative Effects, including Silver Effects, from self and a target ally.
Remove Negative Effects, including Silver Effects, from self and up to two random allies.
Remove Negative Effects, including Silver Effects, from self.
Remove Negative Effects, including Silver effects from all allies.
Remove Negative Effects, including Silver effects from self.
Remove Negative Effects, including Silver effects, from all allies.
Remove Offensive Effects from all enemies.
Remove One Beneficial Effect each hit.
Remove One Beneficial Effect from each enemy.
Remove One Silver Effect from each ally and Remove One Golden Effect from each enemy.
Remove Perfect Corruption, Crave, and Perfect Crave effects from all allies.
Remove Perfect Immunity and Damage Block effects from each enemy before dealing damage.
Remove Perfect Immunity and Revenge.
Remove Perfect Immunity and all Beneficial Effects.
Remove Perfect Immunity and all beneficial effects and inflict x Magic Burns on all enemies for x turns upon death.
Remove Perfect Immunity and inflict Bleed on the target for x turns.
Remove Perfect Immunity and inflict x Marks for x turns if you have Perfect Hit active when you attack.
Remove Perfect Immunity from all enemies.
Remove Perfect Immunity from the enemy
Remove Perfect Immunity from the target.
Remove Perfect Immunity.
Remove Perfect Stun, Seal and Perfect Crave from all allies.
Remove Permadeath, Perfect Death, and Doom from all allies.
Remove Physical Shields from all enemies, including Physical Block.
Remove Revenge and Counterstrike effects including golden and innate effects before damage.
Remove Shields from all enemies.
Remove Shroud, Perfect Immortality, and Soul Protect from enemies at the start of your turn and inflict Punishment on each enemy for x turns if an effect is removed.
Remove Silver Effects from all allies if any enemy is inflicted with Dark Ghost.
Remove Silver Effects from all allies.
Remove Silver Effects from self and up to two random allies.
Remove Silver Effects from self every turn.
Remove Silver Effects from self if any enemy is inflicted with a burn effect.
Remove Silver Effects from up to x allies at the start of battle and grant Cleanse status to all allies for x turns.
Remove Soul Protect and Ghost effects from enemies.
Remove Stat Reduction Effects on all allies if any enemy is inflicted with Decreased MAX HP.
Remove True, Titan, and Damage Reduction Shields.
Remove Vanish and Invincibility from all enemies.
Remove Vanish and Invincibility status effects from enemies.
Remove a Beneficial Effect each hit.
Remove a Random Beneficial Effect, including Golden Effects, and inflict a Random Negative Effect, including Silver Effects, on attacking enemies for x turns when anyone on your team takes damage.
Remove a beneficial effect from a random enemy with a x% chance to Blind all enemies for x turns when you take damage.
Remove a beneficial effect from each enemy everytime you take damage
Remove all Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects, from a random target and Blinds them for x turns at the start of every turn.
Remove all Crave, Heal Reduction and Heal Block effects, including Silver and Innate effects, from all allies.
Remove all Doom, Permadeath, Corruption and Dark Ghost effects from all allies.
Remove all Golden effects, before dealing damage.
Remove all Immunity and Vanish effects, including Golden effects, and inflict Cleave, Bloodlust and Block Beneficial Effects on the target for x turns before dealing damage.
Remove all Immunity and Vanish effects, including Golden effects, from all enemies and inflict Passive Disable on all enemies for x turns.
Remove all Immunity and Vanish effects, including Golden effects, from all enemies before dealing damage.
Remove all Immunity and Vanish effects, including Golden effects, from all enemies if at x% HP or below.
Remove all Immunity and Vanish effects, including Golden effects, from all enemies.
Remove all Immunity effects, including Perfect Immunity and Vanish, from all enemies at the start of battle.
Remove all Immunity, Vanish and Invincibility effects, from all enemies before dealing damage.
Remove all Increased Max HP effects, including Golden and Innate effects, on the target before damage. This does not apply to bosses.
Remove all Invincibility, Immunity, Vanish and Heal Shield effects, including Golden effects, from the target before dealing damage.
Remove all Passive Disable and Corruption effects, including Silver effects, from all allies.
Remove all Passive Disable and Skill Disabling effects, including Silver and Innate effects, from self.
Remove all Shield and Damage Type Block Effects from enemies.
Remove all Shield and Damage Type Block effects from the target before dealing damage.
Remove all Shield, Invincibility and Damage Type Block effects, including Golden effects, from the target. Permanently Reduce DEF and MR on the target by -x% if an effect was removed this way.
Remove all beneficial effects, including Golden Effects and Inflict Bloodlust and Accuracy Down on a random enemy at the start of battle.
Remove all beneficial effects, including Golden Effects,inflict Punishment and Perfect Death for the duration of battle on all enemies, and Revive with full HP and a Perfect Titan Shield upon death.
Remove all immunity effects, including Vanish and Perfect Immunity, from all enemies when you take damage.
Remove all stat increase effects including Golden and Innate effects from all enemies.
Remove and Prevent all Counterstrike and Revenge effects, including Golden and Innate effects, on each enemy until they die whenever this passive becomes active and at the start of your turn.
Remove and Prevent all Immunity and Vanish effects, including Golden effects, on the target until they die before dealing damage.
Remove and Prevent all Invincibility, Vanish, Perfect Vanish and Perfect Heal Shield effects on all enemies until they die at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Remove and Prevent all Titan Shield, Vanish and Ascension effects, including Golden effects, on the target until they die before dealing damage.
Remove offensive effects from all enemies every turn.
Remove one Beneficial Effect from all enemies and inflict Passive Disable on a random enemy for x turns when you take damage.
Remove up to x Beneficial Effects from each enemy.
Remove up to x Beneficial Effects if the target has Immunity.
Remove up to x Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects, except Shroud, Perfect Immortality, and Soul Protect, from each enemy and inflict Curse and Permadeath for x turns every turn.
Remove up to x Beneficial Effects.
Removes All Immunity effects and inflict Block Beneficial Effects on the target for x turns.
Removes Beneficial Effects from an enemy
Removes Beneficial Effects from enemies.
Removes Beneficial Effects from the enemy.
Removes Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects from the target.
Removes Damage Type Invulnerability and Invincibility Effects from the target.
Removes Immunity Effects including Perfect Immunity.
Removes Immunity and Endure effects from all enemies.
Removes Immunity and Invincibility effects, including Golden Effects.
Removes Negative Effects for x turns.
Removes Negative Effects from all allies for x turns.
Removes Negative Effects from all allies.
Removes Negative Effects on all allies.
Removes Negative Effects on allies.
Removes Negative Effects on target ally.
Removes One Beneficial Effect.
Removes a random Beneficial Effect on each enemy at the start of the battle.
Removes all Immunity Effects, including Vanish and Perfect Immunity from the target.
Removes beneficial effects, including Golden Effects, from up to x enemies every turn.
Removes up to x Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects.
Reset Power of enemy to zero.
Revive Upon death with full HP and Invincibility for x turns.
Revive a dead ally and grant them Shroud status for x turns.
Revive a dead ally with x% HP.
Revive a random ally at the start of your turn for each enemy that has 5 or more beneficial or golden effects.
Revive a random ally for each effect removed.
Revive a random ally to FULL HP.
Revive a random ally when any ally dies.
Revive a random ally with Full HP and grant them Perfect Immunity and Ascension for x turns for each enemy suffering from Fear, Sleep or Blind effects, including Silver and Innate effects.
Revive a random ally with full HP for every Golden effect removed.
Revive a random ally with full HP if any enemy has at least 3 or more Burn effects at the start of your turn.
Revive a random ally with full HP when you Revive.
Revive a random ally with full HP.
Revive a random ally with x% HP.
Revive a random dead ally for each instance of Immunity present on the enemy.
Revive a random dead ally with Ascension, Perfect Heal Shield, and x% Critical Strike Chance for x turns. Instantly grant them an Extra Turn.
Revive a random dead ally with Full HP.
Revive a random dead ally with full HP.
Revive a random dead ally with x% HP and Heal each ally for x% of their MAX HP for each enemy that lacks Silver Effects.
Revive a random dead ally with x% HP.
Revive a random dead ally.
Revive all allies to FULL HP and grant them an Extra Turn.
Revive all allies upon death.
Revive all allies with full HP and grant them Perfect Cleanse, Ascension, and Sacrifice for x turns. Instantly Gain an Extra Turn.
Revive all allies with full HP if you have Lifesteal active.
Revive all allies with full HP.
Revive all allies with full Hp and grant each ally an Extra Turn and Immunity to Permadeath and Apparition effects, including innate and Silver versions, until they die if any negative effects are present on self.
Revive all allies with x% HP and a grant them a Heal Shield for x turns.
Revive all allies with x% HP.
Revive all allies.
Revive all dead allies with x% HP.
Revive an ally with Full HP.
Revive and Heal all allies.
Revive any ally that dies while you are alive once each round.
Revive each ally once with full HP when they die.
Revive self and all allies upon death with full HP.
Revive self upon death and transform all beneficial effects on enemies into Stop, Perfect Corruption, and Punishment 3 turns.
Revive the first ally that dies in battle and grant them Perfect Immunity and Perfect Immortality for x turns.
Revive the first three allies that die with Full HP and grant them Endure and Perfect Heal Shield for the duration of battle.
Revive up to x dead allies.
Revive up to x random allies with x% HP.
Revive up to x random dead allies if your are at full health at the start of your turn and after each action.
Revive with Full HP grant Magic Damage Charge to all allies for the duration of battle, upon death.
Revive with Perfect Immunity and Invincibility on self for x turns.
Revive with full HP upon death and immediately gain an Extra Turn if it’s still your team’s turn.
Revive with full HP, Magma Shield, Increased Power Generation, Class Advantage and Echo for the duration of battle and grant all other allies Magma Shield for x turns upon death.
Revive with full HP, Remove all golden effects from each enemy, and inflict x Time Bombs for x turns when you die.
Revive with x% HP and Ascension for x turns upon death.
Revive with x% HP upon death.
Revives a fallen ally with full HP.
Revives a random ally.
Revives all allies with full HP.
Revives all allies.
Sacrifice status full heals the team if the character dies with this effect active.
Sacrifice x% of HP to Revive an ally.
Sacrifice x% of your CURRENT HP to deal equivalent true damage to all enemies.
Sacrifice x% of your Max HP to Heal a target ally to full.
Scalding Burn deals magic damage over time with a chance to Lower MR and inflict Permadeath every turn.
Seals a Skill of the enemy for x turns.
Seals a Skill on caster for x turns.
Shatters upon death, applying 4 Marks to all enemies.
Shock deals magic damage for x turns with a chance to Lower Power each turn.
Shock deals magic damage over time with a chance to drain Power each turn.
Shocks enemies for x turns.
Shroud converts all damage to true damage equal to x% of your MAX HP and grants immunity to Reduce MAX HP effects.
Shroud converts all damage to true damage equal to x% of your MAX HP. and grants immunity to Reduce MAX HP effects.
Silence all enemies for x turns.
Silences and Blinds all enemies for x turns.
Sleep prevents you from taking a turn while asleep. This status will be removed if you take damage.
Smite greatly increases the magic damage taken by the target.
Smites all enemies for x turns.
Smites the enemy for x turns.
Snow Shield absorbs damage and returns it as true damage after 1 turn with a x% chance to Taunt or Freeze all enemies.
Spell Vamp heals you for x% of the magic damage you deal.
Steal 1 Beneficial Effect, including Golden Effects, from the target.
Steal 2 Beneficial Effects from each enemy.
Steal All Beneficial Effects and One Golden Effect from the target.
Steal All Beneficial Effects and up to x Golden Effects from the target. Heal self for x% of your MAX HP if a Beneficial Effect was stolen and if a Golden Effect was stolen.
Steal All Beneficial Effects from the enemy.
Steal All Beneficial effects, including Golden effects from a random enemy.
Steal All Golden Effects from all enemies.
Steal Beneficial Effects from all enemies.
Steal Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects, from all enemies.
Steal Fury and inflict Reduced Fury Generation of the target for x turns.
Steal Golden Effects from all enemies and grant Blizzard Shield to all allies for x turns.
Steal Immunity and Heal Shield effects, including their golden versions, from the target.
Steal Immunity and Immortality effects, including Perfect Immunity and Perfect Immortality.
Steal Increased MAX HP effects on the target and grant them to all allies for x turns.
Steal One Beneficial Effect and One Golden Effect from each enemy that is below x% HP.
Steal One Beneficial Effect from each enemy.
Steal One Beneficial Effect including Golden Buffs.
Steal One Beneficial Effect, including Golden Effects for each Magic Burn on each enemy.
Steal One Beneficial Effect, including Golden Effects from a random enemy after every action.
Steal One Beneficial effect, including Golden Effects, for each negative effect on the target.
Steal Perfect Heal Shield from each enemy before dealing damage.
Steal Perfect Immunity from all enemies.
Steal Perfect Immunity from the target.
Steal Power from opponents.
Steal Power or Fury each hit.
Steal a Beneficial Effect, including Golden effects, from the target per hit.
Steal a random Golden Effect from each enemy.
Steal a random golden effect from each enemy and steal all beneficial effects from a random enemy every action.
Steal all Beneficial Effects and inflict Seal, Silence, Blind, Perfect Disable, and Exhaust for x turns on a random enemy at the start of battle.
Steal all Beneficial Effects from the enemy, including Golden Effects.
Steal all negative effects from allies and place them on yourself.
Steal one beneficial effect from a random enemy at the start of battle, including Golden Effects.
Steal the Beneficial Effects of the target if this attack kills an enemy.
Steal up to 1x Power and x% Fury from opponents.
Steal up to x Beneficial Effects.
Steal x Power and x% Fury for each negative effect on each enemy.
Steal x Power and x% Fury from the enemy team every action.
Steals Beneficial Effects from enemy.
Steals One Beneficial Effect from the enemy, including Golden Effects.
Steals One Beneficial Effect from the enemy.
Stop prevents the opponent from gaining Extra Turns.
Stop prevents the target from gaining Extra Turns.
Stun a random enemy at the start of battle for the duration of battle.
Stun and Curse a random enemy for x turns.
Stun and Inflict up to x Toxic Burns for x turns on enemies suffering from Crave status.
Stun any target that is asleep for x turns at the start of your turn.
Stun or Freeze a random enemy for every ally that is Stunned or Frozen (including by unblockable Freeze) and Cleanse self of all Negative Effects, including Silver.
Stun target for x turns.
Stun targets suffering from at least 3 Physical Burn effects for x turns.
Stun the target if a beneficial effect is removed.
Stunned enemies Taunted for x turns.
Stuns enemies below x% HP.
Stuns enemies for x turns.
Stuns the enemy if they are suffering from damage over time effects.
Summons The Beast to deal true damage to all enemies.
Take no damage when your HP falls below x% HP for x turns.
Take x% of CURRENT HP as True Damage.
Take x% of your MAX HP as true damage for each burn present on self at the start of your turn.
Takes no more than x% of her max HP from a single hit.
Takes the damage for any ally below x% HP or any attack that would reduce an ally below x% HP.
Taunted enemies only attack the taunter.
The Consume effect deals true damage and removes the Burn effect.
The Magic Burn effect deals magic damage over time.
The final hit Heals all allies based on your MAX HP.
The final strike hits all enemies.
The lower the enemy’s HP, the more damage this attack deals.
The strength of the shield is based on your MAX HP and will break if depleted.
This ability grants an Extra Turn to all allies if you get a kill.
This attack does not wake enemies inflicted with Sleep.
This attack does not wake sleeping enemies.
This attack does not wake targets inflicted with Sleep or Perfect Sleep.
This attack does not wake targets inflicted with Sleep.
This attack does not wake targets that are asleep.
This damage does not wake enemies inflicted with Sleep or Perfect Sleep and increases based on the target’s MAX HP.
This damage does not wake enemies inflicted with Sleep or Perfect Sleep.
This damage has a x% Chance to Critically Strike and will not wake targets inflicted with Sleep.
This damage ignores damage immunity.
This effect can only apply once per turn for each ally.
This effect cannot be blocked or ignored, but does not apply to bosses.
This effect does not apply to bosses.
This passive does not affect a Maxed Fury meter.
This skill Resets if you get a kill using it.
This skill can only be countered by Passive Disable applied at the start of battle.
Time Bomb deals true damage and Stuns the target for x turns when their timer reaches zero. Time Bomb damage scales based on your ATK, your MAGIC, and the enemy’s MAX HP.
Tiny Tim tries his best, dealing a tiny amount of physical damage to the target.
Titan Shield absorbs an amount of damage based on the target’s MAX HP.
Titan Shield absorbs damage based on your MAX HP and will break if depleted.
Titan Shield scales based on your MAX HP.
Toxic Burn deals true damage over time to targets and has a x% Chance to Permadeath the enemy for x turns.
Transfer All Negative Effects, including Silver Effects, on allies to a random enemy
Transfer Negative Effects to the target.
Transfer Negative Effects, including Silver effects, on self to an enemy target.
Transfer Negative Effects, including Silver effects, to the target.
Transfer all Negative Effects from you to the enemy.
Transfers Negative Effects to the enemy.
Transfers One Negative Effect to the enemy.
Transform All Beneficial Effects, including Golden effects, on a random enemy into Passive Disable, Exhaust and Doom for x turns at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Transform Bleed and Heal Block effects into Perfect Bleed and Perfect Heal Block after each action.
Transform Burn effects on each enemy into Marks for x turns.
Transform Damage Invulnerability effects, including Invincibility and Vanish on each enemy into Perfect Disable for x turns before dealing damage.
Transform Damage Type Block and Invincibility Effects, including Perfect Heal Shield and Vanish effects, on enemies into Bloodlust for x turns.
Transform Each Beneficial Effect on the target, including Golden effects, into Perfect Bleed for x turns.
Transform Each Beneficial Effect, including Golden effects, into a Random Negative Effect, including Silver effects, on each enemy for x turns before dealing damage.
Transform Each Beneficial Effect, including Golden effects, on a random enemy into a Toxic Burn at the start of your turn.
Transform Each Negative Effect, including Silver Effects, on each ally into a Random Offensive Effect for x turns.
Transform Each Negative Effect, including Silver effects, on self into a Random Beneficial Effect, including Golden effects, for x turns.
Transform Exhaust, Perfect Corruption and Curse effects on each ally into Ascension for x turns.
Transform Golden Effects into random Silver Effects for x turns.
Transform Golden Effects on a random enemy, excluding Shroud, Ghost, Soul Protect, and Perfect Immortality, into Magic Burns for x turns at the start of battle.
Transform Golden Effects on a random enemy, excluding Shroud, Ghost, Soul Protect, and Perfect Immortality, into Physical Burns for x turns at the start of battle.
Transform Healing Effects into Marks for x turns.
Transform Immortality, Perfect Immortality and Soul Protect on all enemies into Dark Ghost for x turns before dealing damage.
Transform Immunity and Perfect Immunity into 3 Marks for x turns.
Transform Invincibility and Perfect Heal Shield on each enemy into Taunt and Crave for x turns.
Transform Invincibility and Vanish effects on all enemies into Time Bombs for x turns.
Transform Invincibility effects into Perfect Corruption for x turns.
Transform Marks on each enemy into Doom for x turns.
Transform Negative Effects on self into a Random Beneficial Effect.
Transform Negative Effects, including Silver Effects, on each ally into a random Healing Effect for the duration of battle.
Transform Passive Disable and Perfect Disable effects on allies into a random buff.
Transform Perfect Heal Shield and Immortality effects on enemies into Fear or Punishment for x turns at the start of every turn.
Transform Shield effects on enemies into Bloodlust and Cleave for x turns before dealing damage.
Transform all Burn effects on each enemy into up to x Perfect Time Bombs for x turns at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Transform all Immunity and Invincibility effects (including Golden Effects) on a single target into Permadeath for x turns.
Transform all beneficial effects, including Golden Effects, into Sleep for x turns on enemies that attack any ally.
Transform all negative effects, including Silver Effects, into a random buff.
Transform beneficial effects, including Golden effects, on each enemy into a random Negative Effect, including Silver effects, for x turns.
Transform each Beneficial Effect, including Golden Effects, on a single target into a Perfect Bleed for x turns.
Transform each Golden effect on the target into a Mark for x turns when you land a perfect hit.
Transform each shield on the target into Perfect Death, Perfect Disable, or Perfect Heal Block for x turns and deal Additional Random Damage, based on the target’s MAX HP, for each shield removed.
Transform existing Burn effects into Perfect Time Bomb, Perfect Heal Block, or Doom for x turns.
Transform existing Negative Effects on enemies into their Silver versions for x turns.
Transform existing beneficial effects into their Golden version with a 2 turn duration at the start of each turn.
Transform negative effects on allies to positive.
Transform up to x Silver Effects on each ally into a random beneficial effect, including Golden Effects, at the start of your turn.
Transforms Immunity and Endure effects on the target into Magic Burns.
Trap Status removes beneficial effects, inflicts Perfect Corruption, and Stuns the opponent that removes this effect for x turns.
Trigger Doom effects currently on all enemies upon death.
Trigger Doom effects currently on enemies, instantly killing them.
Trigger Time Bomb and Perfect Time Bomb effects at the start of your turn.
Trigger all Time Bomb effects on each sleeping enemy after every action.
Two random enemies will gain a Red and Blue rotating flame around them at the start of your turn.
Upon death, Remove All Golden Effects from all enemies.
Upon death, Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver Effects from all allies and grant Revenge, Charge and x% Critical Strike Chance for the remainder of battle.
Vanish for x turns.
Vanish grants Immunity and Invincibility for its duration or the first offensive ability use.
Wake all allies inflicted with Sleep or Perfect Sleep.
Wake all allies suffering from Sleep, Perfect Sleep, Stun, or Perfect Stun.
When Heal Amp is present at the start of your turn, including at the start of battle, you gain Ascension and Magic Charge for x turns and take no damage that round.
When an ally dies grant a Physical, Magic, and True Damage Invulnerability Shield to all allies for x turns.
When you take damage, x% Chance to inflict Stun for x turns on attacking enemies.
Whenever The Red Queen gets hit, inflict Cleave for x turns to attacking enemies.
Whenever an ally would die instead Heal them to Full HP, apply Ghost and Immunity for x turns, and Inflict Perfect Silence on a random target for the duration of battle.
Will take random damage equal to x% of your MAX HP when you fail to avoid taking damage.
You are stunned for x turns.
Your Sword becomes Empowered. While Empowered, Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver effects, from all allies, Revive all allies with full HP and grant Ascension and Magic Penetration to all allies for x turns after every action.
Your first action each turn gains Innate x% Armor Penetration and x% Increased Damage if Time Bomb effects are active on self at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
inflict x Blinding Burns for x turns.
inflict x Blinding Burns on each enemy for x turns if they are suffering from Burn effects.
inflict x Flames on all enemies for x turns if at x% HP or below.
inflict x Flames on all enemies for x turns.
inflict x Furious Burn on all enemies for x turns.
inflict x Furious Burns on each enemy for x turns.
inflict x Furious Burns on enemies for x turns.
inflict x Furious Burns on the target for x turns.
inflict x Magic Burn for x turns to a random enemy when hit.
inflict x Magic Burn for x turns.
inflict x Magic Burn to 2 random enemies for x turns.
inflict x Magic Burn to a random enemy for x turns.
inflict x Magic Burns for x turns.
inflict x Magic Burns on all enemies for x turns.
inflict x Mark on all enemies for x turns.
inflict x Marks on a random enemy for x turns at the start of your turn.
inflict x Marks on each enemy for x turns after every action.
inflict x Marks on each enemy for x turns.
inflict x Marks on the target for the duration of battle.
inflict x Marks on the target for x turns.
inflict x Perfect Time Bombs for x turns on each enemy and deal random damage to a random enemy equal to x% of their MAX HP when you or any ally dies.
inflict x Perfect Time Bombs on the target for x turns.
inflict x Physical Burn and Flame effects on enemies for x turns.
inflict x Random Negative Effects to each enemy for x turns.
inflict x Random Silver Effects to random enemies for x turns.
inflict x Scalding Burns on all enemies for x turns.
inflict x Shock and Flame effects on the target for x turns.
inflict x Toxic Burns and 2 Furious Burns on the enemy for x turns.
inflict x Toxic Burns on each enemy for x turns, and grant a Perfect Heal Shield and Damage Charge to all allies for x turns when you die.
inflict x True Burns and 3 stacks of Fear on each enemy for the duration of battle.
inflict x True Burns on all enemies for x turns.
inflict x stacks of Scalding and Blinding Burns on all enemies for the duration of battle.
x hits of magic damage to a single target.
x hits of physical damage to a single target.
x hits of physical damage to all enemies.
x hits of physical damage to an enemy.
x hits of random damage to random enemies.
x hits of true damage to all enemies.
x% Chance each to inflict Perfect Blind, Heal Block, Perfect Corruption, and Silence for x turns.
x% Chance each turn to reduce damage taken by x%.
x% Chance for Revenge if you have Accuracy Up.
x% Chance for ally to gain an Extra Turn.
x% Chance for an Extra Turn if Soul Protect or Ghost are active on self.
x% Chance for an Extra Turn if the target is inflicted with Bleed.
x% Chance for an Extra Turn on Perfect Attacks.
x% Chance for an Extra Turn.
x% Chance for attack to Critically Strike.
x% Chance for each ally to Increase ATK for x turns.
x% Chance for each ally to Remove One Negative Effect.
x% Chance for each ally to Vanish for x turns.
x% Chance for each ally to gain Accuracy Up for x turns.
x% Chance for each ally to gain Cleanse status for x turns.
x% Chance for each ally to gain Counterstrike for x turns.
x% Chance for each ally to gain Echo for x turns.
x% Chance for each ally to gain Endure, Immunity, or Invincibility for x turns.
x% Chance for each ally to gain Heal Shield for x turns.
x% Chance for each ally to gain Heal Shield, Heal Amp, or Endure for x turns.
x% Chance for each ally to gain Immortality for x turns.
x% Chance for each ally to gain Immunity for x turns.
x% Chance for each ally to gain Magic Penetration for x turns.
x% Chance for each ally to gain Perfect Hit for x turns.
x% Chance for each ally to gain Regen HP for x turns.
x% Chance for each ally to gain Titan Shield for x turns.
x% Chance for each ally to gain a Blizzard Shield for x turns.
x% Chance for each ally to gain an Extra Turn.
x% Chance for each ally to increase effect duration of beneficial effects.
x% Chance for each negative effect be Extended by x turn.
x% Chance for this skill to Reset and trigger its effects again.
x% Chance inflict Sleep on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to Bleed target for x turns.
x% Chance to Blind all enemies.
x% Chance to Blind enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Blind for x turns.
x% Chance to Blind targets for x turns.
x% Chance to Blind the enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Blind, Accuracy Down, or Taunt for x turns.
x% Chance to Blind, Lower ATK, or Lower MAGIC for x turns.
x% Chance to Blind, Silence, or Freeze for x turns.
x% Chance to Blind, Silence, or Stun up to x random enemies.
x% Chance to Blind, Stun, or Silence.
x% Chance to Block Beneficial Effects for x turns.
x% Chance to Block Beneficial Effects on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Block Beneficial Effects on enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Block Beneficial Effects on the enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Block Beneficial Effects.
x% Chance to Cleanse Negative Effects from self and Heal for x% of your MAX HP when you take damage.
x% Chance to Cleanse Taunt, Stun, Sleep, and Freeze effects and Transfer All Negative Effects, including Silver Effects from all allies to the target enemy.
x% Chance to Cleanse all allies.
x% Chance to Cleanse and Heal each ally based on their MAX HP.
x% Chance to Cleanse and Increase ATK of all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to Cleanse self and a random ally per negative effect on self.
x% Chance to Cleanse up to x random allies.
x% Chance to Consume all burns on the target.
x% Chance to Critically Strike and Decrease MAX HP of the target by x% each hit.
x% Chance to Critically Strike on attack.
x% Chance to Critically Strike on each attack.
x% Chance to Critically Strike on each hit.
x% Chance to Critically Strike per hit.
x% Chance to Critically Strike.
x% Chance to Curse enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Curse enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Curse target.
x% Chance to Decrease Max HP of all enemies by x%.
x% Chance to Decrease Max HP of the target by x% each hit.
x% Chance to Decrease Power Generation of each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Disable Passive for x turns.
x% Chance to Disable Passive of enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Disable Passives of all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Disable Passives of each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Disable Passives of enemies every subsequent turn.
x% Chance to Disable Passives of enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Disable Passives of the enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Disable Passives of the target for x turns.
x% Chance to Doom enemies with Immortality status for x turns.
x% Chance to Doom targets.
x% Chance to Drain Fury of enemy by x%.
x% Chance to Drain Fury.
x% Chance to Drain Power.
x% Chance to Exhaust all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Exhaust enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Exhaust the target for x turns.
x% Chance to Extend Beneficial Effect Duration by x turn for each ally.
x% Chance to Extend Beneficial Effect Duration on all allies and Negative Effect Duration on all enemies by x when you take damage.
x% Chance to Extend Beneficial Effect Duration on each ally by x turn.
x% Chance to Extend Beneficial Effects of allies for x turns.
x% Chance to Extend Duration of Immunity to 3 turns.
x% Chance to Extend Negative Effect Duration on all enemies by x when you take damage.
x% Chance to Extend Negative Effect Duration on the enemy by x turn.
x% Chance to Extend Negative Effect Duration on the target by 1.
x% Chance to Extend the Duration of Beneficial Effects on all allies by 1.
x% Chance to Extend the Duration of Negative Effects by x turn.
x% Chance to Freeze each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Freeze enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Freeze or Smite for x turns.
x% Chance to Freeze the enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Freeze the enemy.
x% Chance to Freeze the target for x turns.
x% Chance to Gain an Extra Turn if your HP is x% or lower after each action.
x% Chance to Gain x Power and an Extra Turn.
x% Chance to Gain x Power each hit.
x% Chance to Gain x Power.
x% Chance to Grant Cleanse status to allies for x turns.
x% Chance to Heal Block all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Heal Block enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Heal Block for x turns.
x% Chance to Heal Block the enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Heal Block the target for x turns.
x% Chance to Heal all allies on Perfect Attacks.
x% Chance to Heal allies on each hit.
x% Chance to Heal for x% of MAX HP.
x% Chance to Heal for x% of Max HP.
x% Chance to Heal self and a random ally based on your MAX HP.
x% Chance to Heal self per hit.
x% Chance to Heal up to x allies for x% of their MAX HP.
x% Chance to Heal up to x allies for x% of your MAX HP.
x% Chance to Heal.
x% Chance to Ignite enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Ignite, Bleed, and Block Beneficial Effects on the enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Increase ATK and MAGIC of allies.
x% Chance to Increase ATK of all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to Increase Beneficial Effect Duration by x turns for all allies.
x% Chance to Increase Beneficial Effect Duration on all allies by x turn.
x% Chance to Increase DEF for x turns on the initial target.
x% Chance to Increase MAGIC for x turns.
x% Chance to Increase MAGIC of all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to Increase MR of all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to Increase Negative Effect Duration by x turn on each enemy.
x% Chance to Increase Negative Effect Duration by x turn.
x% Chance to Increase Power Generation by x for x turns.
x% Chance to Increase Power Generation for x turns.
x% Chance to Increase Power Generation of each ally for x turns.
x% Chance to Increase Power and Fury Generation.
x% Chance to Inflict Exhaust on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Inflict Lower ATK, MAGIC, and Taunt on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to Inflict Perfect Stun on a random enemy every action.
x% Chance to Inflict Perfect Stun on a random enemy for x turns
x% Chance to Inflict a Toxic Burn for x turns.
x% Chance to Inflict up to x Negative Effects on all enemies for x turns, including Seal, Silence, Stun, or Exhaust.
x% Chance to Lower ATK and DEF.
x% Chance to Lower ATK and MAGIC.
x% Chance to Lower ATK.
x% Chance to Lower Accuracy for x turns.
x% Chance to Lower Accuracy of enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Lower DEF for x turns on the initial target.
x% Chance to Lower DEF for x turns.
x% Chance to Lower DEF of enemies.
x% Chance to Lower DEF.
x% Chance to Lower Defense, Permadeath, and Ignite targets for x turns.
x% Chance to Lower MAGIC and MR for x turns and increase your own.
x% Chance to Lower MAGIC and MR for x turns.
x% Chance to Lower MAGIC of enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Lower MAX HP of the target by x% each hit.
x% Chance to Lower MR for x turns.
x% Chance to Lower MR.
x% Chance to Lower Power and Fury Generation for x turns.
x% Chance to Lower Power and Fury Generation of enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Lower a Random Stat on the enemies for x turns or Reduce the Max HP of the enemy by x%.
x% Chance to Magic Burn enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Magic Burn for x turns for each Burn on that target.
x% Chance to Mark for x turns.
x% Chance to Mark on each hit.
x% Chance to Permadeath for x turns.
x% Chance to Reduce ATK of targets for x turns.
x% Chance to Reduce Duration of negative effects on all allies by x turns.
x% Chance to Reduce Healing for x turns.
x% Chance to Reduce Max HP of the target by x%.
x% Chance to Reduce Max HP on each enemy by x%.
x% Chance to Reduce Max HP on the target by x% each hit.
x% Chance to Reduce Max HP on the target by x%.
x% Chance to Reduce Power or Fury of the enemy to zero if Permadeath is present on the target.
x% Chance to Refund Energy Cost and gain an Extra Turn.
x% Chance to Refund Power Cost of skill and grant Echo to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to Refund Power Cost of skill.
x% Chance to Refund Power Cost of the skill.
x% Chance to Refund Power Cost of this ability and gain an Extra Turn.
x% Chance to Refund Power Cost.
x% Chance to Refund the Power Cost of this skill.
x% Chance to Remove 1 Golden Effect from all enemies when you take damage.
x% Chance to Remove 2 Beneficial Effects from all enemies.
x% Chance to Remove A Beneficial Effect per hit.
x% Chance to Remove All Beneficial Effects from a random enemy per hit.
x% Chance to Remove All Beneficial Effects from all enemies before dealing damage.
x% Chance to Remove All Beneficial Effects from each enemy.
x% Chance to Remove All Beneficial Effects on the enemy.
x% Chance to Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects, from each enemy before dealing damage.
x% Chance to Remove All Beneficial Effects, including Golden effects, from each enemy.
x% Chance to Remove All Golden Effects from all enemies before dealing damage.
x% Chance to Remove All Golden Effects, minus Shroud, Soul Protect, and Perfect Immortality, from each enemy.
x% Chance to Remove All Immunity effects, including Vanish and Perfect Immunity.
x% Chance to Remove All Immunity effects, including Vanish and inflict Bleed on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to Remove All Negative Effects and grant each ally an Extra Turn if Passive or Perfect Disable is present on them.
x% Chance to Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver Effects, from each ally.
x% Chance to Remove All Shield and Invincibility effects from each enemy.
x% Chance to Remove Beneficial Effects and inflict Crave and Blind status on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Remove Beneficial Effects from all enemies.
x% Chance to Remove Beneficial Effects from the enemy.
x% Chance to Remove Beneficial Effects from the target.
x% Chance to Remove Beneficial Effects on all enemies.
x% Chance to Remove Beneficial Effects on each hit.
x% Chance to Remove Beneficial Effects on the target.
x% Chance to Remove Beneficial Effects, Blind, and Silence the target for x turns.
x% Chance to Remove Beneficial Effects, including Golden Buffs.
x% Chance to Remove Beneficial Effects.
x% Chance to Remove Damage Block Effects before dealing damage.
x% Chance to Remove Damage Invulnerability effects on the enemy.
x% Chance to Remove Golden Buffs from all enemies.
x% Chance to Remove Immunity and Perfect Immunity.
x% Chance to Remove Immunity and Stun a random enemy every turn.
x% Chance to Remove Immunity effects, including Vanish and Perfect Immunity from enemies.
x% Chance to Remove Immunity on all enemies.
x% Chance to Remove Immunity, including Perfect Immunity, Remove Immortality, including Perfect Immortality, and Remove Shroud on each hit.
x% Chance to Remove Invincibility from all enemies at the beginning of your turn.
x% Chance to Remove Negative Effects, including Silver Effects from each ally.
x% Chance to Remove Negative Effects, including Silver Effects, from each ally.
x% Chance to Remove One Beneficial Effect and One Golden Effect each hit.
x% Chance to Remove One Beneficial Effect from each enemy.
x% Chance to Remove One Beneficial Effect per hit.
x% Chance to Remove One Beneficial Effect.
x% Chance to Remove One Golden Effects per hit if Perfect Hit is active.
x% Chance to Remove Silver Effects from all allies at the start of your turn.
x% Chance to Remove Silver Effects from all allies.
x% Chance to Remove a Beneficial Effect each hit.
x% Chance to Remove a Beneficial Effect per hit on Perfect Hits.
x% Chance to Remove a Beneficial Effect.
x% Chance to Remove a Beneficial and Golden Effect from all enemies, Heal a random ally and grant an Extra Turn to a random ally per hit.
x% Chance to Remove up to x Beneficial Effects from each enemy.
x% Chance to Remove up to x Golden Effects from each enemy.
x% Chance to Reset and attack again.
x% Chance to Revenge an enemy when an ally is attacked.
x% Chance to Revive a dead ally with full HP.
x% Chance to Revive a dead ally.
x% Chance to Revive a random ally to full HP.
x% Chance to Revive a random ally.
x% Chance to Revive a random dead ally with Shroud for x turns every turn.
x% Chance to Revive a random dead ally with x% HP.
x% Chance to Revive an ally or x% Chance to fully Heal a random ally every turn at the cost of x% of your CURRENT HP.
x% Chance to Seal an ability of the enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Seal an enemy’s skill.
x% Chance to Seal for x turns or Stun for x turns each enemy hit.
x% Chance to Seal the target.
x% Chance to Silence all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Silence and Decrease ATK for x turns.
x% Chance to Silence and Decrease MAGIC for x turns.
x% Chance to Silence enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Silence for x turns.
x% Chance to Silence the enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Silence the target for x turns.
x% Chance to Silence, Seal, and Blind the target for x turns.
x% Chance to Sleep a random enemy.
x% Chance to Sleep each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Sleep targets for x turns.
x% Chance to Sleep the target for x turns.
x% Chance to Steal All Beneficial Effects, including Golden Effects.
x% Chance to Steal Beneficial Effects.
x% Chance to Steal Fury from enemy.
x% Chance to Steal Fury.
x% Chance to Steal Golden Shield and Block Effects from the target and grant them to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to Steal Immunity effects on each hit for x turns, including Perfect Immunity.
x% Chance to Steal Immunity from enemies.
x% Chance to Steal One Beneficial Effect from all enemies, including Golden Effects.
x% Chance to Steal One Beneficial Effect including Golden Effects, from each enemy before dealing damage.
x% Chance to Steal One Beneficial Effect or Smite targets for x turns per hit.
x% Chance to Steal Perfect Immunity from enemies.
x% Chance to Steal Power and Fury.
x% Chance to Steal Power from enemy.
x% Chance to Steal Power from the enemy.
x% Chance to Steal Power.
x% Chance to Steal a Beneficial Effect per hit.
x% Chance to Steal a Golden Effect each hit.
x% Chance to Steal a Random Beneficial Effect from a random enemy.
x% Chance to Steal a Random Golden Effect from a random enemy.
x% Chance to Steal x Power from the enemy.
x% Chance to Steal x Power per hit.
x% Chance to Steal x Power.
x% Chance to Steals Beneficial Effects.
x% Chance to Steals One Beneficial Effect.
x% Chance to Stun a random enemy.
x% Chance to Stun all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Stun enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Stun enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Stun for 1-3 turns.
x% Chance to Stun for x turns.
x% Chance to Stun on each hit.
x% Chance to Stun targets for x turns.
x% Chance to Stun the enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Stun the target each hit.
x% Chance to Stun the target for x turns if they are suffering from Decreased Max HP effects.
x% Chance to Stun the target for x turns on each hit.
x% Chance to Stun the target for x turns.
x% Chance to Stun with each hit.
x% Chance to Taunt all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to Taunt an enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Taunt for x turns.
x% Chance to Taunt the enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to Transfer Negative Effects to enemies.
x% Chance to Transfer Negative Effects.
x% Chance to Transfer a Negative Effect from self to all enemies per hit.
x% Chance to Transfer up to x Negative Effects from self to each enemy.
x% Chance to Transform All Beneficial Effects, including Golden effects, on each enemy into 9 Marks for x turns.
x% Chance to Transform All Burn Effects into Flame for the duration of battle.
x% Chance to Transform Beneficial Effects on enemies into a Time Bomb.
x% Chance to Transform Bleed into Perfect Bleed for x turns.
x% Chance to Transform Golden Effects into Marks and gain Charge on Perfects.
x% Chance to Transform Golden Effects on enemies into one random Silver Effect.
x% Chance to Transform Immunity into a random Negative Effect that lasts for x turns after the first turn of battle.
x% Chance to Transform Negative Effects on self into beneficial effects.
x% Chance to Transform all Golden Effects, except Perfect Health, Shroud, and Soul Protect, into Silver Effects.
x% Chance to Transform the beneficial effects on enemies into Physical Burns.
x% Chance to Vanish for x turns.
x% Chance to Vanish self and a random ally for x turns.
x% Chance to Vanish self and up to two allies for x turns.
x% Chance to apply Permadeath for x turns.
x% Chance to apply Thorn Shield to each ally for x turns.
x% Chance to apply a Toxic Burn for x turns on each hit.
x% Chance to avoid taking damage.
x% Chance to cleanse negative effects, including silver effects and heal self when you or any ally takes damage.
x% Chance to counter attack the opponent that attacked you.
x% Chance to counterattack enemies who attacked you or any ally.
x% Chance to counterattack when an ally gets attacked.
x% Chance to counterattack when another ally takes damage.
x% Chance to counterattack when anyone on your team takes damage.
x% Chance to counterattack when you take damage.
x% Chance to deal Additional Random Damage to each enemy equal to x% of their MAX HP for each negative effect on the target.
x% Chance to deal Additional True Damage to each enemy based on their MAX HP for each Scalding Burn on them after every action.
x% Chance to deal random damage to all enemies when you or an ally is healed.
x% Chance to deal x hits of Additional Random Damage to each enemy based on your MR and their MAX HP and Remove All Negative Effects, including Silver effects, from self and a random ally when you take damage.
x% Chance to gain Class Advantage
x% Chance to gain Class Advantage vs all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to gain Counterstrike and Revenge for self for x turns.
x% Chance to gain Cyclone Shield for x turns.
x% Chance to gain Disruption Shield, Counterstrike, or Endure for x turns per hit.
x% Chance to gain Echo for x turns.
x% Chance to gain Extra Turn.
x% Chance to gain Invincibility for x turns.
x% Chance to gain Invincibility, Immunity, or Immortality for x turns upon taking damage.
x% Chance to gain Lifesteal on self for x turns.
x% Chance to gain Revenge for x turns and grant Charge to all allies for x turns if you have Perfect Hit active when you attack.
x% Chance to gain Revenge for x turns.
x% Chance to gain Revenge status for x turns.
x% Chance to gain Shroud for x turns if Vanish is active when this skill is used.
x% Chance to gain Thorn Shield for x turns.
x% Chance to gain a Guard Shield for x turns.
x% Chance to gain a Titan Shield for x turns.
x% Chance to gain an Extra Turn after each action.
x% Chance to gain an Extra Turn after every action.
x% Chance to gain an Extra Turn and Damage Charge for x turns if shields are removed.
x% Chance to gain an Extra Turn if an effect is removed this way.
x% Chance to gain an Extra Turn if an effect was removed this way.
x% Chance to gain an Extra Turn if at x% HP or below.
x% Chance to gain an Extra Turn if the target has more than 4 buffs or debuffs active.
x% Chance to gain an Extra Turn.
x% Chance to gain x Power.
x% Chance to gain x% Critical Strike chance for x turns.
x% Chance to get an Extra Turn.
x% Chance to grant Accuracy Up to each ally for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Affinity Advantage, Perfect Hit, or Charge to self and a random ally each hit.
x% Chance to grant Armor Penetration for x turns if the target has 4 or more negative effects.
x% Chance to grant Armor Penetration to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Armor Penetration.
x% Chance to grant Ascension to allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Ascension to self for x turns and to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Counterstrike on up to x allies.
x% Chance to grant Counterstrike to allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Critical Strike Chance.
x% Chance to grant Damage Charge and an Extra Turn to a random ally.
x% Chance to grant Damage Reduction Shield to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Disruption Shield to each ally for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Echo status to each ally for x turns every action.
x% Chance to grant Echo to all allies for x turns if the enemy has Crave status.
x% Chance to grant Immortality to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Immortality to allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Immunity or Cleanse status to each ally every turn for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Immunity to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Immunity to allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Immunity to each ally for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Increase Power and Fury Generation to each ally for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Increased ATK to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Increased Accuracy to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Increased Power Generation to allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Invincibility to each ally.
x% Chance to grant Magic Penetration to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Perfect Accuracy Up to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Perfect Accuracy to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Perfect Accuracy to each ally for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Perfect Force Shield to each ally for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Perfect Hit status to each ally for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Perfect Hit status to random ally on each hit.
x% Chance to grant Perfect Hit to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Perfect Hit to each ally for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Perfect Immunity to a random ally for x turns every hit.
x% Chance to grant Perfect Immunity to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Perfect Immunity to each ally.
x% Chance to grant Reflect Shield to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Reflect Shield to each ally for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Regen HP to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Revenge to self for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Shroud to each ally for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Trap status to allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant Trap to each ally for x turns.
x% Chance to grant True Shield to all allies 2 turns.
x% Chance to grant Vanish to self and a random ally for x turns when you take damage.
x% Chance to grant a Cyclone Shield to self for x turns.
x% Chance to grant a Perfect Heal Shield to each ally for x turns.
x% Chance to grant a Random Beneficial Effect to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant a Random Beneficial Effect to an ally each hit.
x% Chance to grant a Random Offensive Effect to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to grant a random defensive effect to allies when they take damage.
x% Chance to grant an Extra Turn to a random ally.
x% Chance to grant an Extra Turn to each ally, but not self.
x% Chance to grant an Extra Turn to each ally.
x% Chance to grant an Extra Turn to self and a random ally for each effect stolen.
x% Chance to grant an Extra Turn to self and a random ally.
x% Chance to grant an Extra Turn to self and each ally.
x% Chance to grant an Extra Turn to self and random ally
x% Chance to grant an Extra Turn to self.
x% Chance to grant each ally a Random Healing or Defensive Effect for x turns for every enemy suffering from negative effects.
x% Chance to grant each ally an Extra Turn after every action.
x% Chance to grant each ally an Extra Turn if any enemy has Increased Max HP or Perfect Health active.
x% Chance to grant each ally an Extra Turn if any enemy has Reduced Max HP.
x% Chance to grant each ally an Extra Turn if any enemy is inflicted with Decreased MAX HP.
x% Chance to grant each ally an Extra Turn.
x% Chance to grant x% Critical Strike Chance to all allies for x turns.
x% Chance to increase the duration of all beneficial effects on each ally every turn.
x% Chance to inflict Accuracy Down, Blind, Curse or Taunt on each enemy for x turns per hit.
x% Chance to inflict Apparition on a random enemy for x turns if any enemy is frozen at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
x% Chance to inflict Attack Down and Magic Down on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Attack Down or Magic Down on each enemy for x turns per hit.
x% Chance to inflict Bleed for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Bleed or Perfect Bleed on the target for x turns per hit.
x% Chance to inflict Blind and Accuracy Down on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Blind on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Blind on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Blind on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Blinding Burn on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Bloodlust, Cleave or Perfect Bleed on the target for x turns per hit.
x% Chance to inflict Cleave on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Cleave on the enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Cleave on the target for x turns. Damage dealt increases based on your SPECIAL stat.
x% Chance to inflict Crave and Furious Burn on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Crave and Heal Reduction status to the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Crave for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Crave on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Crave on enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Curse for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Curse on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Dark Ghost on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Dark Ghost on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Dark Ghost on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Defense Down or Bleed on the target for x turns per hit.
x% Chance to inflict Disable Passive on the enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Doom on 2 random enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Doom on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Doom on attacking enemies for x turns if they are suffering from Taunt when you take damage.
x% Chance to inflict Doom on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Exhaust and Heal Block on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Exhaust for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Exhaust on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Exhaust on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Exhaust on the enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Exhaust on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Fear and Perfect Death on all enemies for x turns when you take damage.
x% Chance to inflict Fear for x turns on each hit.
x% Chance to inflict Fear on all enemies for x turns for each enemy suffering from Fear, Sleep or Blind effects, including Silver and Innate effects.
x% Chance to inflict Fear on all enemies for x turns on Perfect Attacks.
x% Chance to inflict Fear, Perfect Sleep, Perfect Corruption, or Perfect Bleed for x turns on each hit.
x% Chance to inflict Fear.
x% Chance to inflict Flame for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Flame on enemies for the duration of battle.
x% Chance to inflict Flame on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Flame on up to x random enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Freeze and HP Drain on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Freeze and Stun on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Freeze on a random enemy for x turns when you take damage.
x% Chance to inflict Freeze on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Freeze on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Furious Burn for x turns on all enemies.
x% Chance to inflict Furious Burns on all enemies for x turns per hit.
x% Chance to inflict Furious Burns on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Grievous Burn on a random enemy for x turns per hit.
x% Chance to inflict Grievous Burn on each enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Grievous Burn on enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Grievous Burn.
x% Chance to inflict Grievous Burns on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict HP Drain on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict HP Drain on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Heal Block for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Heal Block on each enemy for x turns before dealing damage.
x% Chance to inflict Heal Block on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict MR Down on each enemy for x turns before dealing damage.
x% Chance to inflict Magic Burn for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Magic Burn.
x% Chance to inflict Mark on each enemy for x turns per hit.
x% Chance to inflict Passive Disable for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Passive Disable on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Passive Disable on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Accuracy Down for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Accuracy Down on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Accuracy Down to each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Bleed on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Blind for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Corruption for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Corruption on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Corruption on the target on 2 turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Corruption, Permadeath, and Heal Block for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Crave for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Crave on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Crave on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Crave on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Crave or Perfect Heal Block on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Death on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Silence for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Silence on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Sleep and Perfect Corruption on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Sleep for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Sleep on a random enemy for x turns after every action.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Sleep on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Sleep on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Sleep on enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Sleep on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Stun for x turns if True Burn is present on each enemy.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Stun on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Stun on each enemy.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Stun on each target hit for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Perfect Stun on enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Permadeath for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Permadeath on each enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Permadeath on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Permadeath on the enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Permadeath or Perfect Death on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Permadeath.
x% Chance to inflict Punishment for x turns every hit.
x% Chance to inflict Punishment on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Punishment on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Punishment on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Scalding Burn on each enemy for x turns per hit.
x% Chance to inflict Scalding Burn on the target for x turns per hit.
x% Chance to inflict Seal on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Seal, Stop, Perfect Disable, Perfect Silence, or Punishment on the target for x turns per hit.
x% Chance to inflict Shock and Stun on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Shock for x turns on each enemy.
x% Chance to inflict Shock for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Silence on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Silence on the enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Silence on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Sleep on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Sleep on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Sleep on the enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Sleep on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Smite and Ignite on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Smite on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Stop on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Stop on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Stop on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Stun on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Stun on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Stun on the target for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Stun or Perfect Stun on attacking enemies for x turns whenever you are attacked.
x% Chance to inflict Stun or Perfect Stun on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Taunt on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict Taunt, Furious Burn or Time Bomb on the target for x turns per hit.
x% Chance to inflict Toxic Burn for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict True Burn for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict a Blinding Burn to random enemies.
x% Chance to inflict a Physical or Magic Burn on each enemy for x turns per hit.
x% Chance to inflict a Random Burn Effect effect on each enemy for x turns per hit.
x% Chance to inflict a Random Negative Effect on each hit.
x% Chance to inflict a Random Silver Effect on each enemy for x turns per hit.
x% Chance to inflict a Time Bomb for each beneficial effect removed on the enemies.
x% Chance to inflict a Time Bomb on all enemies for x turns per hit.
x% Chance to inflict a Time Bomb on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict a Time Bomb on enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict a random burn effect on all enemies when you take damage.
x% Chance to inflict an Unblockable Freeze and Unblockable Stun on each enemy for x turns if any enemy is frozen or stunned.
x% Chance to inflict an unblockable Freeze on each enemy for x turns after each action if the enemy is inflicted with Exhaust.
x% Chance to inflict up to x Grievous Burns on enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict up to x Magic Burns.
x% Chance to inflict up to x Marks on each enemy for x turns when you take damage.
x% Chance to inflict up to x Marks on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict up to x Physical Burns.
x% Chance to inflict up to x Random Burn Effects on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict x Blinding Burns for x turns on all enemies.
x% Chance to inflict x Magic Burns for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict x Magic Burns on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict x Mark for x turns each hit.
x% Chance to inflict x Mark per hit on each enemy for x turns.
x% Chance to inflict x Physical Burns on all enemies for x turns.
x% Chance to instantly Trigger Doom effects present on each enemy.
x% Chance to instantly Trigger all Bomb effects on the target.
x% Chance to instantly Trigger any Time Bombs present on the target.
x% Chance to instantly gain x Power after each action.
x% Chance to permanently Increase ATK and MAGIC stats of all allies by x%.
x% Chance to permanently Increase ATK, MAGIC, DEF, and MR for self and permanently Decrease ATK, MAGIC, DEF, and MR of the enemy by x%.
x% Chance to place up to x Marks.
x% Chance to remove Immunity from each enemy at the start of battle.
x% Chance to remove Perfect Immunity from all enemies.
x% Chance to remove two Beneficial Effects, including Golden Buffs.
x% Chance to take no damage and inflict a Mark on attacking enemies for x turns when you are attacked.
x% Chance to take no damage and inflict a Time Bomb or Perfect Time Bomb on attacking enemies for x turns when you are attacked.
x% Chance to take no damage, remove all Immunity and Vanish effects including Golden effects, and inflict Mark and Perfect Bleed on attacking enemies for x turns whenever you are attacked.
x% Chance to take no damage, remove all Immunity and Vanish effects including Golden effects, inflict Attack and Defense down on the attacking enemy.
x% Chance to take no damage, remove all Immunity and Vanish effects including Golden effects, inflict Passive or Perfect Disable on attacking enemies for x turns.
x% Increase Effect Duration of beneficial effects on self.
x% chance to Counterstrike whenever you take damage.
x% chance to Drain Fury.
x% chance to Revenge enemies that attack an ally.
x% chance to Steal Power, Steal Fury, or Steal a Beneficial Effect on each hit.
x% chance to grant Counter Attack to self and a random ally for x turns.
x% chance to grant Echo to each ally for x turns if Echo is present on self.
x% chance to grant Invincibility to self and a random ally if the enemy has Decreased Max HP.
x% chance to inflict Dark Ghost on each enemy for x turns.
x% to Grant Class Advantage to all allies for x turns.
x% to Reduce Max HP of each enemy by x% per hit.
x% to Reset and trigger attack again.
x% to gain Invincibility for x turns.
x% to inflict Bloodlust on the target for x turns.
x% to inflict Crave on the target for x turns.
x% to inflict Mark on the target for x turns.
x% to inflict Perfect Corruption on enemies for x turns.
x% to inflict Silence on the target for x turns.
