Heal Amp Increase the effectiveness of healing by x%.
Heal Block all enemies for x turns.
Heal Blocks all enemies for x turns.
Heal Blocks enemy below x% HP.
Heal Blocks for x turns.
Heal Shield heals for a percentage of the damage received.
Heal Shield heals targets based on the damage they receive.
Heal Shield reduces damage and heals for a percentage of damage taken.
Heal a random ally based on their MISSING HP every turn.
Heal a random ally based on your ATK.
Heal a random ally based on your MAGIC stat.
Heal a random ally per hit.
Heal all allies at the start of your turn based on the number of burn effects on each enemy.
Heal all allies based off of your MAX HP.
Heal all allies based on on your DEF and SPECIAL stats.
Heal all allies based on the number of negative effects on each ally.
Heal all allies based on the number of negative effects on each enemy.
Heal all allies based on the number of negative effects removed.
Heal all allies based on the number of targets inflicted with Sleep.
Heal all allies based on their ATK and DEF.
Heal all allies based on their ATK and MAGIC stat.
Heal all allies based on their ATK stat.
Heal all allies based on their ATK.
Heal all allies based on their ATK/ MAGIC stat if your HP is below x% after taking an action.
Heal all allies based on their MAX HP.
Heal all allies based on their MISSING HP.
Heal all allies based on their MISSING HP. Increase healing by x% of MAX HP for each Physical Burn, Magic Burn, and Flame effect on each enemy.
Heal all allies based on their Missing HP.
Heal all allies based on their SPECIAL stat.
Heal all allies based on x% of your MAX HP.
Heal all allies based on your ATK and MAGIC stats.
Heal all allies based on your ATK stat.
Heal all allies based on your Current HP every turn.
Heal all allies based on your MAGIC stat.
Heal all allies based on your MAX HP when you take damage.
Heal all allies based on your MAX HP.
Heal all allies based on your MISSING HP.
Heal all allies based on your Max HP after each action.
Heal all allies based on your Max HP for each remaining negative effect on each ally at the start of your turn.
Heal all allies based on your SPECIAL stat.
Heal all allies based your MAX HP and the target’s MISSING HP.
Heal all allies by x% for each positive effect currently active on them.
Heal all allies by x% of their Max HP for every instance of Perfect Immunity on the enemy and Remove Perfect Immunity from the enemy.
Heal all allies for each Mark on the target.
Heal all allies for x% of MAX HP every hit and Wake any allies suffering from Sleep effects.
Heal all allies for x% of MAX HP if Vanish is present at the start of your turn.
Heal all allies for x% of their HP if this attack kills an enemy.
Heal all allies for x% of your MAX HP.
Heal all allies if the target is suffering from Bleed.
Heal all allies on Perfect Attacks.
Heal all allies to full HP if any enemy lacks beneficial effects.
Heal all allies to their FULL HP.
Heal all allies.
Heal all other allies that have the Dioscuri passive to full HP.
Heal allies based on the number of beneficial effects, including Golden Effects, on each enemy and steal one beneficial effect from a random enemy every turn.
Heal allies based on their ATK and MAGIC stat.
Heal allies below x% HP.
Heal allies for x% Max HP for every x% of your Missing HP every turn.
Heal allies for x% of their MAX HP.
Heal amount based on the ally’s Missing HP.
Heal amount based on your MAX HP.
Heal amount increases based on the number of beneficial effects on self.
Heal amount increases based on the number of negative effects on the enemy.
Heal amount is based on target’s Missing HP.
Heal amount is based on the number of negative effects on all enemies.
Heal amount is based on the target’s MAX HP.
Heal amount is based on their MAX HP.
Heal amount is based on your ATK and MAX HP.
Heal amount is based on your ATK stat.
Heal amount is based on your ATK.
Heal amount is based on your ATTACK and MAX HP.
Heal amount is based on your MAGIC and MAX HP.
Heal amount is based on your MAGIC stat.
Heal amount is based on your MR and the target’s MAX HP.
Heal and Cleanse all allies for each enemy inflicted with Bleed.
Heal and Cleanse self.
Heal and grant Increased ATK and MAGIC for x turns to self and a random ally.
Heal and grant Invincibility for x turns to allies with no beneficial effects.
Heal and grant an Extra Turn to self and a random ally.
Heal any ally below x% HP an additional x% of their Max HP and grant them True and Magic Damage Block for x turns if you have Perfect Immunity active on you after each action.
Heal any ally suffering from Sleep or Perfect Sleep to Full HP.
Heal each ally 4 times based on your SPECIAL stat.
Heal each ally based on the number of Negative Effects on the ally.
Heal each ally based on their MAX HP.
Heal each ally based on your ATK if any enemy has a Mark at the start of your turn.
Heal each ally for x% of their MAX HP.
Heal each ally for x% of your MAX HP and deal Additional Magic Damage to each enemy for each effect removed.
Heal each ally for x% of your MAX HP.
Heal for a portion of your MAX HP.
Heal for x% of all damage dealt.
Heal for x% of your ATK and MAGIC stat.
Heal for x% of your MAX HP.
Heal for x% of your Max HP whenever you take physical or magic damage.
Heal for x% of your Max HP.
Heal for x% of your Missing HP.
Heal is based on your MAX HP.
Heal self and a random ally based on x% of the target’s MAX HP.
Heal self and a random ally per hit.
Heal self and the target based on x% your MAX HP.
Heal self and up to x random allies.
Heal self back up to MAX HP and inflict Fear and Perfect Silence to all enemies until they die when you reach 1HP for the first time in battle.
Heal self based on MAX HP.
Heal self based on your DEF and MISSING HP or gain a Random Beneficial Effect, including Golden effects, for x turns for each instance of Fear on each enemy.
Heal self based on your MAGIC stat.
Heal self based on your MISSING HP.
Heal self based on your SPECIAL stat.
Heal self for x% of your MAX HP before dealing damage.
Heal self for x% of your MAX HP.
Heal self whenever damage is taken based off of Missing HP.
Heal the ally for x% of their MAX HP.
Heal up to x random allies based on your MAX HP.
Heal up to x random allies if the target is stunned by this attack.
Heal x% of your MAX HP and revive a random ally after each action.
Heals all allies
Heals all allies based on number of negative effects that were on the enemy and your MAX HP.
Heals all allies based on their ATK and MAGIC stat.
Heals all allies based on their MAGIC stat.
Heals all allies based on their MAX HP.
Heals all allies based on their MISSING HP.
Heals all allies based on your ATK and MAGIC stat.
Heals all allies for x turns.
Heals all allies for x% of CURRENT HP.
Heals all allies for x% of their MAX HP.
Heals all allies for x% of their Missing HP.
Heals all allies.
Heals allies based on their MAX HP.
Heals allies based on their Missing HP.
Heals allies based on your ATK and MAGIC stat.
Heals allies based on your MAGIC stat.
Heals allies based on your MAX HP.
Heals allies every turn based on the number of negative effects currently on you.
Heals allies for x% of MISSING HP.
Heals each ally if a shield is present on them.
Heals every ally whose HP is below x% at the start of your turn.
Heals for x% of your MAX HP.
Heals self and gains Armor and Magic Penetration if below x% HP.
Heals self based on your ATK stat.
Heals self.
Heals the target ally.
Heals x% of MAX HP for each effect stolen.
Heals x% of your HP for every beneficial effect removed.
Heals you for x% of your HP.
Heals yourself if the target is Stunned.
