Decrease Beneficial Effect Duration on each enemy by x turn.
Decrease Beneficial Effect Duration on enemies by x turn.
Decrease Beneficial Effect Duration on the enemy by x turn.
Decrease DEF of target for x turns.
Decrease Duration of Beneficial Effects on enemies by x turn.
Decrease MAGIC of all enemies for the duration of battle.
Decrease MAX HP of all enemies by x% per hit.
Decrease MAX HP of each enemy by x%.
Decrease MAX HP of the enemy by x%.
Decrease Max HP of all enemies by x% .
Decrease Max HP of each enemy by -x% if they have 4 or more buffs or debuffs active.
Decrease Max HP of the enemy by x% each attack.
Decrease Power Generation of each enemy for x turns.
Decrease Power of each enemy. by x and Increase Power of self by 3
Decrease the MAX HP of a random enemy by x% every turn.
Decrease the Max HP of all enemies by x%.
Decrease the duration of beneficial effects on all enemies by x turns for each ally that has Ghost or Soul Protect active at the start of your turn.
Decrease the duration of negative effects on all allies by 2.
Increase ATK and DEF of all allies for x turns.
Increase ATK and MAGIC of all allies for x turns.
Increase ATK for x turns.
Increase ATK of all allies for x turns.
Increase ATK of allies for x turns if the enemy has a Shield.
Increase ATK of allies for x turns.
Increase ATK of allies.
Increase ATK of ally for x turns.
Increase Accuracy for self and up to x allies.
Increase Accuracy of all allies for x turns.
Increase Accuracy of allies for x turns.
Increase Beneficial Effect Duration by x turn and grant Echo for x turns to each ally if Ghost is active on them.
Increase Beneficial Effect Duration on all allies by 2.
Increase DEF and MR for x turns.
Increase DEF and MR of all allies for x turns.
Increase DEF and MR of allies for x turns.
Increase DEF for x turns.
Increase DEF of allies for x turns.
Increase Duration of all Magic Burns on enemies to infinite duration.
Increase Effect Duration of beneficial effects.
Increase MAGIC and MR of all allies for x turns.
Increase MAGIC for x turns.
Increase MAGIC of all allies for x turns.
Increase MAGIC of allies by x% and Decrease MAGIC of the target by x% permanently for the duration of battle.
Increase MAGIC of allies.
Increase MAGIC of ally for x turns.
Increase MAGIC of random ally for x turns.
Increase MAX HP and ATK by +50%, increased to x% if activated while below x% HP.
Increase MR for x turns.
Increase MR of allies for x turns.
Increase Magic Resistance of all allies for x turns.
Increase Max HP of all allies by x% for x turns.
Increase Max HP of self stat by +x% if the target has 4 or more buffs or debuffs active.
Increase Negative Effect Duration on each enemy by x turn at the start of your turn.
Increase Negative Effect Duration on the target by x turn if the target is inflicted with a Burn effect.
Increase Negative Effect Duration on the target by x turns.
Increase Power Generation of allies for x turns.
Increase Power or Fury.
Increase SPECIAL stat of all allies by x% Every Turn.
Increase Stats of allies for x turns.
Increase a Random Stat on each ally by x% for the duration of battle for every beneficial effect, excluding Perfect Immunity, that is removed.
Increase all stats on self by x% and Transform all Beneficial Effects on self into their Golden version at the start of your turn.
Increase the ATK and MAGIC of allies by x% and increase the Critical Hit Chance of all allies by x%.
Increase the Accuracy of all allies for x turns.
Increase the DEF and MR of all allies for x turns.
Increase the Duration of negative effects on the target by 1.
Increase the MAX HP of all allies by x% at the start of battle.
Increase the duration of beneficial effects by x turn at the start of battle.
Increase the duration of negative effects on all enemies by 2.
Increase the duration of negative effects on the enemy by x turns.
Increase the effectiveness of healing for all allies at the start of battle for x turns.
Increase the healing of all allies by +100%.
Increases ATK and Endure status for self and up to x additional allies.
Increases ATK for x turns.
Increases Accuracy for x turns.
Increases MAGIC for x turns.
Increases MAGIC of allies for x turns.
Increases MR of allies for x turns.
Lower ATK and DEF of all enemies for x turns.
Lower ATK and MAGIC of all enemies for x turns.
Lower ATK and MAGIC of each enemy for x turns.
Lower ATK and MAGIC of enemies for x turns.
Lower ATK and MAGIC of the target for x turns.
Lower ATK of the enemy for x turns.
Lower Accuracy for x turns.
Lower Accuracy of all enemies for x turns.
Lower Accuracy of each enemy for x turns.
Lower Accuracy of enemies for x turns.
Lower Accuracy of enemy and increase your own for x turns.
Lower Beneficial Effect Duration by x turns.
Lower DEF and MR of all enemies for x turns.
Lower DEF and MR of enemies for x turns.
Lower DEF and MR of the target for x turns.
Lower DEF of all enemies for x turns.
Lower DEF of enemy for x turns.
Lower DEF of the target by x% per hit.
Lower Fury Generation of enemies for x turns.
Lower MAGIC of enemies for x turns.
Lower Power Generation for x turns.
Lower enemy MR for x turns before dealing damage.
Lowers ATK and MAGIC of the target for the duration of the battle.
Lowers Accuracy of enemies for x turns.
Lowers All Stats of enemies.
Lowers DEF of all enemies.
Lowers DEF of enemy for x turns.
Lowers MR for x turns.
Lowers the Accuracy of enemies for x turns at the start of battle.
Grant Increase Power Generation to allies for x turns
Grant Increased ATK and MAGIC to all allies for x turns.
Grant Increased Accuracy and Perfect Hit status to all allies for x turns.
Grant Increased Accuracy to all allies for x turns.
Grant Increased DEF and Golden Hit to all allies for x turns at the start of battle.
Grant Increased Fury Generation to all allies and Inflict Decreased Fury Generation to all enemies for x turns.
Grant Increased Fury Generation to all allies for x turns.
Grant Increased Fury Generation, Attack Up and Defense Up to all allies for x turns.
Grant Increased MAGIC or Magic Penetration to allies for x turns.
Grant Increased Max HP and ATK to self for x turns at the start of battle.
Grant Increased Power Generation to self for the duration of battle.
Grant Increased Power and Fury Generation to all allies for x turns.
Grant Increased Power and Fury generation for x turns to all allies at the start of battle.
