Inflict ATK Down and MAGIC down on all enemies for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflict ATK and DEF Down for x turns.
Inflict Accuracy Down on the target for x turns.
Inflict Bleed and Perfect Bleed on the target for the duration of battle.
Inflict Bleed and Seal on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Bleed on a random enemy for x turns.
Inflict Bleed, Grievous Burn, and Perfect Corruption for x turns.
Inflict Blind and Decrease ATK of all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Blind and Silence on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Blind and Timebomb on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Blind on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Blind on enemies for x turns.
Inflict Blind, Accuracy Down and Fear on each enemy for x turns if they are at x% HP or below.
Inflict Blinding Burn on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Blinding Burns on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Block Beneficial Effects for x turns.
Inflict Block Beneficial Effects on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Bloodlust and Bleed on the enemy for the duration of battle.
Inflict Bloodlust on all enemies for x turns and grant Critical Strike to all allies for x turns if the target is suffering from Bleed.
Inflict Bloodlust on the enemy for the duration of battle.
Inflict Bloodlust to each enemy for x turns if they have negative effects.
Inflict Bloodlust, Cleave, and HP Drain on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Bloodlust, HP Drain and Perfect Crave for x turns.
Inflict Cleave and Curse on the target for the duration of battle.
Inflict Cleave and Exhaust on the target for x turns.
Inflict Cleave on all enemies for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflict Cleave on all enemies for x turns before dealing damage.
Inflict Cleave on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Cleave on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Cleave on the target for x turns.
Inflict Cleave or Crave on each enemy for x turns when you take damage.
Inflict Crave and Heal Reduction on the target for x turns.
Inflict Crave for x turns.
Inflict Crave on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Crave on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Crave on the enemy for x turns.
Inflict Crave or Perfect Crave on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Crave, Blinding Burn, and Perfect Accuracy Down on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Crave, Perfect Corruption, and Perfect Death on the target for the duration of battle.
Inflict Curse for x turns before damage.
Inflict Curse on all enemies 3 turns.
Inflict Curse on the target for x turns.
Inflict Curse, Attack Down and Magic Down on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Curse, DEF Down, and Exhaust on the target for x turns.
Inflict Curse, Smite, or Ignite on each enemy for x turns. x% Chance for an Extra Turn.
Inflict Dark Ghost for x turns on any enemy inflicted with Accuracy Down effects.
Inflict Dark Ghost on a random enemy for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflict Dark Ghost on a random enemy for x turns.
Inflict Dark Ghost on all enemies for x turns if the target has Reduced Max HP.
Inflict Dark Ghost on the target for x turns.
Inflict Defense Down, Accuracy Down and Stun on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Doom and Perfect Stun on all enemies for x turns upon death.
Inflict Doom for x turns.
Inflict Doom on each enemy already inflicted with Bloodlust for x turns.
Inflict Doom on each enemy for x turns if they are suffering from Punishment.
Inflict Doom on enemies for x turns.
Inflict Doom on the enemy for x turns if Passive Disable, Perfect Disable, Crave, or Perfect Crave is present on them.
Inflict Doom on the target for x turns if they are suffering from Stun, Sleep, Heal Reduction or Heal Block effects, including Silver and Innate effects, before dealing damage.
Inflict Exhaust for x turns on each enemy.
Inflict Exhaust for x turns on enemies that are frozen, and grant Accuracy Up for x turns to a random ally for each frozen enemy.
Inflict Exhaust on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Exhaust on each enemy for x turns if they are at x% HP or below.
Inflict Exhaust on each enemy suffering from Sleep or Perfect Sleep for x turns at the start of your turn.
Inflict Exhaust on the target for x turns.
Inflict Exhaust, Smite and Passive Disable on the target for x turns if they have Reduced Max HP.
Inflict Fear and Perfect Sleep on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Fear and Sleep for x turns.
Inflict Fear for x turns.
Inflict Fear on the target for x turns.
Inflict Flame and Bleed on the target for x turns.
Inflict Flame and Ignite on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Flame on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Flame on both targets for x turns.
Inflict Flame on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Freeze and 4 Marks on a random enemy for x turns at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Inflict Freeze for x turns, Passive Disable for the duration of battle, and deal additional magic damage equal to x% of the target’s MAX HP each action you take if they have the flame effects on them.
Inflict Freeze on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Freeze on the target 2 turns.
Inflict Grievous Burn and Ignite on the target for x turns.
Inflict HP Drain on all enemies for the duration of battle.
Inflict HP Drain on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict HP Drain on enemies for x turns.
Inflict HP Drain, Bloodlust, and Crave on all enemies for the duration of battle.
Inflict Heal Block on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Heal Block on the target for x turns.
Inflict Heal Block, Perfect Corruption and Scalding Burn on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Ignite and Grievous Burns on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Ignite and Heal Block on the target for x turns.
Inflict Ignite on all enemies for x turns before dealing damage.
Inflict Ignite on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Ignite on each enemy for x turns if they are suffering from 3 or more Burn effects.
Inflict Lower DEF and Lower ATK on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict MAGIC Down and MR Down on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict MR Down and Perfect Accuracy Down on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Magic Burn and Bleed on the target for x turns.
Inflict Magic Burn for x turns.
Inflict Magic Burn on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Mark, Permadeath, and Curse for x turns.
Inflict Passive Disable and Crave on the target for x turns.
Inflict Passive Disable and Perfect Corruption on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Passive Disable on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Passive Disable on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Passive Disable on the enemy for x turns.
Inflict Passive Disable on up to x random enemies for x turns.
Inflict Passive Disable or Perfect Disable on each enemy at the start of battle for the duration of battle.
Inflict Passive Disable, Permadeath and Curse on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Passive or Perfect Disable on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Accuracy Down and 2 Furious Burns on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Accuracy Down and Exhaust on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Accuracy Down and Punishment on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Accuracy Down on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Accuracy Down on each enemy for the duration of battle.
Inflict Perfect Accuracy Down on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Bleed and Perfect Disable on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Bleed for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Bleed on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Bleed on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Blind on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Blind on up to x enemies for x turns when you take damage.
Inflict Perfect Blind, Seal, Silence and Bleed on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Corruption and Perfect Disable on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Corruption and Silence for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Corruption and Stop to the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Corruption for x turns if a Burn effect is present on the target.
Inflict Perfect Corruption for x turns on the target.
Inflict Perfect Corruption for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Corruption on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Corruption on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Corruption on up to x enemies for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflict Perfect Crave and Perfect Silence on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Crave on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Death and 3 Perfect Bleeds on all enemies for x turns before dealing damage.
Inflict Perfect Death and Perfect Heal Block on each enemy if they suffer from MAX HP reduction effects.
Inflict Perfect Death for x turns
Inflict Perfect Death for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Death on all enemies for the duration of battle.
Inflict Perfect Death on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Death on attacking enemies for x turns whenever you are attacked.
Inflict Perfect Death on enemies for x turns, before dealing damage.
Inflict Perfect Disable and Perfect Bleed on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Disable and Perfect Corruption on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Disable for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Disable on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Disable on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Disable on up to x random enemies for x turns every turn.
Inflict Perfect Heal Block for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Heal Block on the enemy for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Heal Block on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Silence and Stop on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Silence on all enemies for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflict Perfect Silence on all enemies with a x% Chance to gain an Extra Turn when attacking any enemy inflicted with Smite or Ignite.
Inflict Perfect Silence on the target for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Sleep on all enemies and allies, excluding self, for x turns.
Inflict Perfect Stun for x turns on each enemy currently Marked and grant Golden Hit to each ally for the duration of battle.
Inflict Perfect Time Bomb for x turns if no Time Bomb is present on the target at the start of your turn.
Inflict Perfect Time Bomb on all enemies for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflict Permadeath and Block Beneficial Effects on the target for the duration of battle.
Inflict Permadeath for x turns.
Inflict Permadeath on all enemies for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflict Permadeath on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Permadeath, Smite, Ignite and 3 Marks on all enemies for the duration of battle.
Inflict Punish and Perfect Heal Block on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Punishment and Bleed on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Punishment for x turns.
Inflict Punishment on all enemies for the duration of battle and gain an Extra Turn if your HP is x% or lower.
Inflict Punishment on all enemies for the duration of battle if an effect was removed this way.
Inflict Punishment on all enemies for the duration of battle.
Inflict Punishment on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Punishment on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Punishment, Defense Down and MR Down on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Random Burn Effects on all enemies after every action.
Inflict Seal for x turns.
Inflict Seal on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Seal on the enemy for x turns.
Inflict Seal, Flame, Exhaust, or Doom on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Shock and Permadeath on the target for the duration of battle.
Inflict Shock, Perfect Stun, Perfect Corruption, and Fear on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Silence and Defense Down on each enemy that lacks Silver Effects for x turns after every action.
Inflict Silence and Seal on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Silence and Seal on any enemy inflicted with Accuracy Down effects for the duration of battle.
Inflict Silence on self and Perfect Silence on up to x random enemies for the first 2 turns of battle.
Inflict Silence, Accuracy Down, or Seal on each enemy for x turns per hit.
Inflict Silence, Blind, or Mark on the target for x turns
Inflict Sleep and Fear on each enemy for x turns if they are at x% HP or below.
Inflict Sleep on 2 random enemies if Regen HP status is present at the start of your turn.
Inflict Sleep on a random enemy for x turns.
Inflict Sleep on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Sleep on the target for x turns if Seal is present on the enemy.
Inflict Smite and Ignite on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Smite and Ignite on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Smite, Ignite and Blinding Burn on all allies and enemies for x turns.
Inflict Smite, Ignite, and Curse on the target for x turns.
Inflict Smite, Perfect Silence, and Permadeath on the target for x turns.
Inflict Stop and Blind on the target for x turns.
Inflict Stop and Bloodlust on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Stop and Permadeath on all enemies for the duration of battle.
Inflict Stop and Seal on enemies for x turns.
Inflict Stop and Shock for x turns.
Inflict Stop on a random enemy for x turns every turn.
Inflict Stop on the target for x turns.
Inflict Stop to all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Stun and Cleave on the target for x turns.
Inflict Stun and Passive Disable for x turns on any enemy inflicted with Accuracy Down effects.
Inflict Stun for x turns.
Inflict Stun on the target and self for x turns.
Inflict Stun on the target for x turns if their HP is below 50%.
Inflict Stun, Silence, or Curse on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Taunt and Curse on the target for x turns.
Inflict Taunt on all enemies for x turns at the start of battle and at the start of your turn.
Inflict Taunt on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Taunt on each enemy below x% HP for x turns.
Inflict Taunt on target enemy for the remainder of battle.
Inflict Taunt on the target for x turns.
Inflict Time Bomb for x turns on each enemy.
Inflict Time Bomb on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Time Bomb on self or the target for x turns per hit.
Inflict Time Bomb on the target for x turns.
Inflict Toxic Burn on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Toxic Burn, Perfect Death, and Bleed on the target for x turns.
Inflict True Burn on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict Unblockable Sleep on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict Unblockable Sleep on random enemy 2 turns.
Inflict Unblockable Sleep on the target for x turns. This effect does not apply to bosses and can be blocked by effects that specifically grant immunity to Sleep.
Inflict a Physical, Magic, and True Burn on each enemy for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflict a Random Burn effect for a random duration per hit
Inflict a Random Negative Effect for each beneficial effect on each enemy.
Inflict a Random Negative Effect for x turns for each beneficial effect still on the target.
Inflict a Time Bomb for every negative effect currently on each enemy.
Inflict a Time Bomb for x turns if there is no Time Bomb currently on the target.
Inflict a random Silver effect on all enemies for x turns for each Mark on each enemy before dealing damage.
Inflict a random burn on each enemy for x turns at the start of your turn after the first round of battle.
Inflict a random negative effect on a random enemy for x turns and reduce their Max HP by x% at the start of your turn.
Inflict a random negative effect on the enemy when you take damage.
Inflict a random negative effect on up to x random enemies every turn for x turns.
Inflict a random number and type of Burn effects on each enemy for a random number of turns.
Inflict up to x Marks and 3 Perfect Bleeds on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict up to x Marks on each enemy for x turns.
Inflict up to x Random Silver Effects, excluding Dark Ghost, on all enemies for x turns.
Inflict up to x Toxic Burns, Flames, Furious Burns, Physical Burns, and Magic Burns on all enemies for the duration of battle.
Inflict x hits of physical damage based on your MAX HP, which will not wake targets inflicted with sleep, to each enemy that has Accuracy Down effects present.
Inflict x hits of true damage on a single-target.
Inflicts 1 Mark on the target for every x% of their HP missing.
Inflicts 2 Magic Burns for x turns.
Inflicts 2 Toxic Burns on all enemies for x turns.
Inflicts 3 Physical Burns for x turns.
Inflicts 3 Toxic Burns on all enemies for x turns.
Inflicts 3 stacks of Fear on enemies for x turns.
Inflicts Additional True Damage for every damage over time effect on the target.
Inflicts Bleed on the enemy for x turns.
Inflicts Bloodlust for x turns on all enemies.
Inflicts Bloodlust on all enemies for x turns.
Inflicts Curse for x turns on enemies inflicted with Bleed at the start of your turn.
Inflicts Doom on the target if they are currently Sealed.
Inflicts Doom, Silence or Block Beneficial Effects on targeted enemies for x turns.
Inflicts Fear on all enemies for x turns.
Inflicts Furious Burn on all enemies for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflicts Grievous Burn for x turns.
Inflicts Heal Block for x turns.
Inflicts Heal Block on all enemies for x turns.
Inflicts Heal Block on enemies for x turns.
Inflicts Lower Power Generation for x turns.
Inflicts Magic Burn for x turns.
Inflicts Magic Burn on enemies for x turns.
Inflicts Passive Disable on all enemies on the first turn.
Inflicts Perfect Corruption for x turns.
Inflicts Perfect Silence on self for x turns.
Inflicts Perfect Silence, Flame, Exhaust, or Crave on each enemy for x turns.
Inflicts Permadeath for x turns.
Inflicts Permadeath on targets with Immortality, Endure, or Ghost effects.
Inflicts Physical, Magic, and True Burn on all enemies for x turns.
Inflicts Random Negative Effects on random enemies.
Inflicts Scalding Burns for x turns.
Inflicts Silence and Seal on all enemies for x turns.
Inflicts Silence on enemies at the start of battle for x turns.
Inflicts Stop and Seal on a random enemy every turn for x turns.
Inflicts additional Marks for every Mark on each target.
Inflicts all enemies with a Mark at the start of battle.
Inflicts enemies with Crave status for x turns at the start of battle.
Inflicts two instances of Fear on random enemies for x turns, every turn.
Inflicts up to x Bleeds for x turns.
Inflicts up to x Physical Burns on random enemies every turn.
Inflicts up to x Physical Burns.
Inflicts up to x Random Negative Effects on all enemies.
Inflicts up to x Shock effects on all enemies for x turns.
inflict x Blinding Burns for x turns.
inflict x Blinding Burns on each enemy for x turns if they are suffering from Burn effects.
inflict x Flames on all enemies for x turns if at x% HP or below.
inflict x Flames on all enemies for x turns.
inflict x Furious Burn on all enemies for x turns.
inflict x Furious Burns on each enemy for x turns.
inflict x Furious Burns on enemies for x turns.
inflict x Furious Burns on the target for x turns.
inflict x Magic Burn for x turns to a random enemy when hit.
inflict x Magic Burn for x turns.
inflict x Magic Burn to 2 random enemies for x turns.
inflict x Magic Burn to a random enemy for x turns.
inflict x Magic Burns for x turns.
inflict x Magic Burns on all enemies for x turns.
inflict x Mark on all enemies for x turns.
inflict x Marks on a random enemy for x turns at the start of your turn.
inflict x Marks on each enemy for x turns after every action.
inflict x Marks on each enemy for x turns.
inflict x Marks on the target for the duration of battle.
inflict x Marks on the target for x turns.
inflict x Perfect Time Bombs for x turns on each enemy and deal random damage to a random enemy equal to x% of their MAX HP when you or any ally dies.
inflict x Perfect Time Bombs on the target for x turns.
inflict x Physical Burn and Flame effects on enemies for x turns.
inflict x Random Negative Effects to each enemy for x turns.
inflict x Random Silver Effects to random enemies for x turns.
inflict x Scalding Burns on all enemies for x turns.
inflict x Shock and Flame effects on the target for x turns.
inflict x Toxic Burns and 2 Furious Burns on the enemy for x turns.
inflict x Toxic Burns on each enemy for x turns, and grant a Perfect Heal Shield and Damage Charge to all allies for x turns when you die.
inflict x True Burns and 3 stacks of Fear on each enemy for the duration of battle.
inflict x True Burns on all enemies for x turns.
inflict x stacks of Scalding and Blinding Burns on all enemies for the duration of battle.
